---
aliases:
  - "CMDB and CSDM"
area: "CTA"
source: notion-export
tags:
  - cta-program
  - capstone
  - exam-prep
  - cmdb
  - csdm
---

# CMDB and CSDM

A CMDB manager wants to ensure CIs are getting imported with all necessary fields, what KPI should be checked?
Answer: Completeness

An asset is being imported into the CMDB, what part of the IRE is used to determine if a new record is inserted?
Answer: Identification rule

What ensures that the CMDB remains healthy and trustworthy?
A.	Manual data entry
B.	Automated population of data
C.	Regular user audits
D.	Weekly system reboots
Correct Answer: B

What are out of the box service types? Select all that apply.

A.	Business service

B.	IT service

C.	Application service

D.	Infrastructure service
Correct Answer: A & C

Suzi's customer is currently assigning incidents and changes to the records in their business application table. All applications from column C are included in the table. Is this the correct approach?

- Yes, because you need to register incidents and changes related to applications in a strategic level to be able to report on their health.
- It is better to avoid disrupting the operation and keep using the existing tables, otherwise, reporting would be broken.
- No, according to CSDM these are not the right structures to use for ITSM processes since they belong to the design domain.
- No, these should only be used for general incidents and changes affecting the applications across all geographies, but not when the application is only misconfigured for a certain location.

Correct: B

What relationship would be used between credit check (business application) and credit check prod (application service)?

- Consumes
- Uses
- Runs On
- Depends On

Correct: A

What relationship would fall between credit check prod and ESDATA-WS005 and ESDATA-DB005?

- Consumes
- Uses
- Runs On
- Depends On

Correct: D

What would be the right group to approve a change on credit check for a user working for this customer?

- Credit Check Group
- Credit Check Group in Ireland where Elijah Guiness is a member of
- APP_ORG_CHK
- The right group is yet to be defined as this spreadsheet has not collected the detail for Ireland

Correct: C

### Notes

Business application uses information object

Tech Service Offering contains Dynamic CI group

Application services depends on application

Business application consumes application services

## Related
- [[Real questions]]
- [[TO REVIEW FOR EXAM]]
- [[How to access a Technical Challenge]]
- [[Exam]]
- [[CMDB CSDM]]
- [[CSDM]]
- [[CMDB]]