---
title: Configure Sustainable IT
description: Follow the order of the steps to configure the Sustainable IT plugin.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/environmental-social-governance/configure-sustainable-it.html
release: australia
topic_type: concept
last_updated: "2026-03-12"
reading_time_minutes: 1
breadcrumb: [Configure, Operational Sustainability Management \(formerly Environmental, Social, and Governance\)]
---

# Configure Sustainable IT

Follow the order of the steps to configure the Sustainable IT plugin.

-   **[[activate-the-sustainable-it-plugin|Activate the Sustainable IT plugin]]**  
The Sustainable IT is used to effectively manage and monitor the emissions generated by your hardware assets.
-   **[[filter-sustainable-it-metric-definitions|Filter Sustainable IT metric definitions]]**  
Apply the filter to obtain the metric definitions that are shipped with the Sustainable IT plugin. The filter must be applied to all the three [[types-of-metric-definitions|types of metric definitions]] namely manual, automated, and calculated.
-   **[[methods-to-set-up-entities|Methods to set up entities for Sustainable IT]]**  
There are two methods, manual and automatic, to set up your entities for data collection for the Sustainable IT application. You can select any one and proceed to collect your data.
-   **[[configure-map-markers|Configure a map marker]]**  
Configure the items that you want to view on the IT footprint map tab of the [[sustainable-it-dashboard|Sustainable IT dashboard]].
-   **[[map-data-range-configurations|Map data range configurations]]**  
Define the criteria for classifying map markers based on their metric data values. You can specify a range of values and assign a corresponding classification and color to markers that fall within that range.

**Parent Topic:**[[configuring-esg|Configure Operational Sustainability Management \(formerly ESG Management\)]]

## Related

- [[activate-the-sustainable-it-plugin|Activate the Sustainable IT plugin]]
- [[filter-sustainable-it-metric-definitions|Filter Sustainable IT metric definitions]]
- [[methods-to-set-up-entities|Methods to set up entities for Sustainable IT]]
- [[configure-map-markers|Configure a map marker]]
- [[map-data-range-configurations|Map data range configurations]]
- [[configuring-esg|Configure Operational Sustainability Management \(formerly ESG Management\)]]
- [[types-of-metric-definitions|Types of metric definitions]]
- [[sustainable-it-dashboard|Sustainable IT dashboard]]
