---
title: Australia Operational Sustainability Management (formerly Environmental, Social, and Governance)
locale: en-US
release: australia
bundle: esgv
doc_type: toc
---

# Australia Operational Sustainability Management (formerly Environmental, Social, and Governance)

- [[esg-landing-page|Operational Sustainability Management (formerly Environmental, Social, and Governance)]] -- The ServiceNow Operational Sustainability Management application helps you centrally manage your sustainability commitments and report on progress toward your sustainability initiatives.
  - [[esg-new-explore|Explore]] -- The ServiceNow Operational Sustainability Management application helps you to manage your sustainability commitments.
    - [[components-of-esg-management|Elements of Operational Sustainability Management (formerly ESG Management)]] -- Before you start your sustainability initiatives, familiarize yourself with the key elements such as material topics, metrics, and disclosures that make up the Operational Sustainability Management application.
    - [[material-topic-workflow-and-states|Material topic workflow and states]] -- Material topics are the point of origin for sustainability initiatives. A material topic must be identified before it can be tracked and measured for success. The workflow states for a material topic depend on how the material topic was created.
    - [[new-esg-use-cases|Operational Sustainability Management (formerly ESG Management) use case]] -- The operational sustainability use case consists of multiple processes such as setting up your operational sustainability program, defining metrics, collecting data for metrics, adhering to regulatory frameworks, and generating disclosures.
    - [[esg-homepage|Operational Sustainability Workspace (formerly ESG Workspace)]] -- The Operational Sustainability Workspace is a simplified user interface designed for different users to perform their respective tasks. The home page of the Operational Sustainability Workspace displays various quick actions and reports.
    - [[my-esg-tasks|My tasks page view]] -- My tasks page displays a single-pane view of your pending tasks, and the tasks assigned to your user group.
    - [[esg-workspace-personas|Operational Sustainability Workspace (formerly ESG Workspace) users]] -- The Operational Sustainability Workspace displays the relevant data for the environmental, social, and governance pillars and enables you to take appropriate actions according to your role. These roles include the ESG administrator, ESG program manager, ESG reporting and disclosure manager, ESG metrics manager, and ESG data owner.
    - [[managing-sustainable-it|Managing Sustainable IT]] -- The Sustainable IT application enables you to effectively manage and monitor the emissions generated by your hardware assets. Additionally, it enables you to keep track of the energy consumption of your assets and their proper disposal after they reach the end of their lifespan.
      - [[sustainable-it-dashboard|Sustainable IT dashboard]] -- The Sustainable IT dashboard displays a variety of information to easily gauge the sustainability impact of the IT assets of an organization.
    - [[scope-3-dashboard|Scope 3 dashboard]] -- The Scope 3 dashboard helps you to calculate and track scope 3 emissions to know about your organization's operational sustainability impact and confirm compliance with evolving regulations. Scope 3 emissions refer to indirect emissions in your value chain, for example, the emissions generated from procurement of equipment.
      - [[reports-on-the-scope-3-dashboard|Reports on the scope 3 dashboard]] -- The Scope 3 dashboard displays a variety of reports to easily gauge the sustainability impact of the scope 3 emissions of an organization. All the reports on this dashboard can be drilled down for detailed metric definitions and the entities that provide the data for each report.
    - [[esg-content-accelerator|Unified content management]] -- The Unified content management application is a centralized repository of frameworks, citations, metric definitions, and emission factors. Using this application accelerates the adoption of operational sustainability frameworks.
    - [[emission-factor-library|Emission factor library]] -- An emission factor library consists of emission factors, emission activities and emission activity sources. It is crucial to set up your emission factor library to calculate your emissions accurately.
    - [[usage-of-emission-factors-in-a-calculated-metric-definition|Usage of emission factors in a calculated metric definition]] -- When using an emission factor in a calculated metric definition (CMD), follow the specified guidelines to confirm accurate results.
    - [[scenario-analysis-forecast|Forecasting planning and analysis]] -- You can use the forecast planning and analysis feature to simulate various scenarios. The forecast planning and analysis tools enable for the creation, saving, visualization, and comparison of multiple analyses, enabling better planning.
  - [[configuring-esg|Configure]] -- As an administrator, use this section to set up the Operational Sustainability Management application. You must first create your material topics, your goals and targets, emission activities, and emission factors. You can then create entities and entity types for which you want to report the metrics and measure the sustainability performance of your organization.
    - [[esg-implementation|Operational Sustainability Management (formerly ESG Management) implementation]] -- Use the steps in the ServiceNow Operational Sustainability Management application checklist to download the Operational Sustainability Management from the ServiceNow Store, and get it ready for operation. Mandatory and optional setup steps, as well as an implementation checklist are provided to simplify the setup.
      - [[install-esg|Install Operational Sustainability Management (formerly ESG Management)]] -- You can install the Operational Sustainability Management application (sn_esg) if you have the sys_admin role.If the application does NOT include demo data or it does NOT install related applications and plugins, delete or revise the following sentence:The application includes demo data and installs related ServiceNow Store applications and plugins if they are not already installed.
      - [[complete-the-entitlements-for-esg-management|Complete the entitlements for Operational Sustainability Management (formerly ESG Management)]] -- After you install the Operational Sustainability Management application from the ServiceNow Store, you must complete the entitlements to gain complete access to the application and use it.
      - [[setup-checklist-esg|Setup checklist for the Operational Sustainability Management (formerly ESG Management) application]] -- This checklist includes the set up tasks that you're required to complete in your ServiceNow AI Platform instance. When you have completed these tasks, the base system is ready for operation.
    - [[create-material-topics|Create a material topic]] -- Create material topics for your organization so that you can identify the areas where you want to make an operational sustainability impact.
      - [[approve-a-mt|Approve or reject a material topic]] -- Review and approve or reject a material topic if it is assigned to you for approval.
    - [[create-esg-goal|Create an Operational Sustainability Management (formerly ESG Management) goal]] -- Establish operational sustainability goals to track your progress toward your chosen material topics.
      - [[goal-progress-value-calculation|Goal progress value calculation]] -- The progress or percentage complete value of goals is auto-calculated using different formulas. The formula depends on whether the goal has only targets, a combination of sub-goals and targets, and if it has weighted average calculation enabled.
      - [[migrate-existing-goals-to-new-data-model|Migrate existing goals data to Goal Framework]] -- With the admin role, you can migrate the existing goals data to the Goal Framework tables by running the scheduled job.
      - [[configure-project-form|Display the priorities and goals on the project form]] -- If you're an existing user, configure the project form to upgrade to the Goal Framework. The benefit of the Goal Framework is that it enables you to set targets for goals. You can also define strategic priorities and associated goals as part of the organization's strategic plans.
      - [[associate-a-goal-to-mt|Map a goal to a material topic]] -- Map a goal to a material topic so that you can track the actions being taken for the chosen topic. Based on this mapping exercise, you can act on the goals with the most significant material impact.
      - [[associate-entities-to-goals|Associate entities to goals]] -- After you create the goals, you must associate those entities, which you want to track, to the goals.
    - [[create-esg-target|Create an Operational Sustainability Management (formerly ESG Management) target]] -- Create an operational sustainability target to help track the progress toward your operational sustainability goal.
      - [[add-a-source-for-a-target|Add a source for a target]] -- After you create a target, you must add a source for the target. The source can be a metric or a metric definition that contributes to the parent target.
    - [[set-up-the-emission-factor-library|Set up the emission factor library]] -- To calculate your emissions accurately, you must set up your emission factor library. The emission factor library consists of emission factors, emission activities, activity sources and factor locations.
      - [[create-an-emission-activity|Create a new emission activity]] -- Create new emission activities to track the activity that leads to emissions if you do not want to use the standard emission activities provided through the Unified content management application.
      - [[import-emission-activities-and-map-locations|Import emission activities and map their locations]] -- Use the Unified content management application to import the standard emission activities and add their locations. These emission factors identify which activities within your organization are producing specific amounts of pollution. The reason you must add locations to a factor is that an organization may have different locations and each location may have a different factor value for different periods.
      - [[create-an-emission-factor|Create an emission factor]] -- Create your own custom emission factors if you don’t want to use the standard emission factors provided by the Unified content management application. An emission factor is a representative value that relates the quantity of a pollutant released to the atmosphere with the activity associated with the release of that pollutant.
        - [[add-locations-to-an-emission-factor|Add locations to an emission factor]] -- Add locations to an emission factor after you create the factor. The reason you must add locations to a factor is that an organization may have different locations and each location may have a different factor value for different periods.
        - [[recalculate-emission-factor|Recalculate emission factor]] -- When an emission factor value is updated, you can recalculate the emission factor to initiate the system to automatically recalculate the data for all linked calculated metric definitions (CMD), using the new value for dates within the emission factor's validity period. This ensures that metrics data remains consistent and accurate, reflecting the latest changes.
    - [[create-a-new-schedule|Create a new schedule]] -- Create a schedule or modify an existing schedule to calculate the due date for metric data tasks.
    - [[create-related-list-groupings|Create related list groupings]] -- Simplify the groupings of related lists on a record page and customize them to your specific needs, assigning meaningful names in the process. This configuration enhances readability and user experience when interacting with the forms.
    - [[configure-sustainable-it|Configure Sustainable IT]] -- Follow the order of the steps to configure the Sustainable IT plugin.
      - [[activate-the-sustainable-it-plugin|Activate the Sustainable IT plugin]] -- The Sustainable IT is used to effectively manage and monitor the emissions generated by your hardware assets.
      - [[filter-sustainable-it-metric-definitions|Filter Sustainable IT metric definitions]] -- Apply the filter to obtain the metric definitions that are shipped with the Sustainable IT plugin. The filter must be applied to all the three types of metric definitions namely manual, automated, and calculated.
      - [[methods-to-set-up-entities|Methods to set up entities for Sustainable IT]] -- There are two methods, manual and automatic, to set up your entities for data collection for the Sustainable IT application. You can select any one and proceed to collect your data.
        - [[create-a-new-entity-for-data-centers|Create new entities for data centers]] -- Use the cmdb_ci_datacenter table to create entities for all your data centers.
        - [[set-up-entities-for-sustainable-it|Manually set up entities for Sustainable IT data centers]] -- Create entities for data centers and add them to an entity type. The entity type is then added to the metric definitions that enables the metric definitions to collect data from various data centers.
      - [[configure-map-markers|Configure a map marker]] -- Configure the items that you want to view on the IT footprint map tab of the Sustainable IT dashboard.
      - [[map-data-range-configurations|Map data range configurations]] -- Define the criteria for classifying map markers based on their metric data values. You can specify a range of values and assign a corresponding classification and color to markers that fall within that range.
    - [[install-citations-frameworks-from-esg-content-accelerator|Activate or update a framework and install citations using the Unified content management]] -- Activate or update your chosen framework and select the citations for the framework you've selected. This will install the framework and the selected citations and metric definitions on your instance.
    - [[filter-citations-and-authority-documents-for-esg|Filter citations documents for Operational Sustainability Management (formerly ESG Management)]] -- Set the functional domain to Operational Sustainability Management to view only those citations that are specific to the operational sustainability domain. This ability to select the domain enables you to see only those citations that are relevant to you. The same procedure applies to authority documents as well.
    - [[configuring-the-scope-3-dashboard|Configuring the Scope 3 dashboard]] -- To view data on the Scope 3 dashboard, you must configure the emission category types to define the categories for which you want to report scope 3 data.
      - [[create-an-emission-category-type|Create an emission category type]] -- Create emission category types to define the categories for which you want to report scope 3 data that will be displayed on the Scope 3 dashboard.
      - [[configure-the-supplier-emissions-by-model-table|Configure the supplier emissions by model table]] -- Configure your supplier emission data collection to capture emissions by specific models of assets to report and calculate Scope 3 emissions accurately.
      - [[create-an-inflation-factor|Create an inflation factor]] -- Create inflation factors for spend-based emission factors to account for price changes over time, which can otherwise make these factors inaccurate. Spend-based emission factors estimate pollution based on monetary expenditure. Adjusting spending for inflation before applying the emission factor ensures a more realistic picture of your emissions footprint.
    - [[entities-in-esg|Manage entities in Operational Sustainability Management (formerly ESG Management)]] -- You can learn about how Operational Sustainability Management is used by the investors and reporting agencies to evaluate different entities that they want to invest in, such as different business units in an organization.
      - [[create-entity|Create an entity]] -- Create an entity and measure its performance against the goals. Defining an entity ensures that the entity owners are also identified. After an entity is defined, Operational Sustainability Management goals are applied to the entity.
      - [[update-an-entity|Update an entity]] -- Update the details of an existing entity.
      - [[create-entity-type|Create an entity type]] -- Create an entity type for the entities in your system. Entity types enable you to find and create entities that have the same attributes and that match a set of filter conditions.
      - [[update-entity-type|Update an entity type]] -- Update an existing entity type to add entity filters, policies, and control objectives.
      - [[create-entity-class|Create an entity class]] -- Create an entity class that is to be associated with an entity. Define the parent class, root entity, and tier for an entity class.
      - [[update-entity-class|Update an entity class]] -- Update an existing entity class that is associated with an entity. Entity classes are used to add the conceptual information about an entity or tag the entity.
    - [[monitor-data-using-esg-dashboards|Monitoring assessment data using Operational Sustainability Management dashboards]] -- You can monitor and analyze assessment data at various levels in the Operational Sustainability Management application using the Analytics dashboard. The custom dashboards you create provide tailored insights and deliver relevant information at a glance, improving the decision-making process.
      - [[create-an-esg-dashboard|Create an Operational Sustainability Management dashboard using the In-line editor]] -- You can create dashboards with data visualizations, filters, and other elements that you can share with others. You can also create elements and add existing elements from the in-line editor.
      - [[edit-esg-dashboard-details|Edit Operational Sustainability Management dashboard details]] -- You can change a dashboard name, add a description, certify it, configure visibility, and specify the requester, the owner, the owner group.
      - [[edit-esg-dashboards|Edit Operational Sustainability Management dashboards]] -- You can edit dashboard and dashboard tab information in the in-line editor. If the dashboard has been shared, any changes you make are applied globally.
      - [[edit-esg-dashboard-elements|Edit Operational Sustainability Management dashboard elements]] -- You can edit the contents of a dashboard or dashboard tab, including data visualizations and filters. Because dashboards are shared, any changes you make are applied globally.
      - [[share-an-esg-dashboard|Share an Operational Sustainability Management dashboard]] -- Share a dashboard with other users, groups, or roles to create a shared view of data that you can use to collaborate. You can grant viewing permissions or both viewing and editing permissions.
      - [[delete-an-esg-dashboard|Delete an Operational Sustainability Management dashboard]] -- You can delete a dashboard that is no longer useful. The Analytics Center invokes the Workflow Studio to remove the dashboard from your instance.
  - [[metrics-overview|GRC: Metrics]] -- The ServiceNow GRC: Metrics application enables organizations to track their goals and targets, collect data, and report data.
    - [[esg-metrics|Exploring GRC: Metrics]] -- A metric is used to measure and evaluate the effectiveness of your organizational processes. A metric or a combination of metrics can provide an insight into a system, component, or process. The GRC: Metrics application enables other applications to assess, compare, and track the performance of the processes.
      - [[elements-of-metrics|Components of GRC: Metrics]] -- A metric consists of several components such metric definition, metric data, metric definition data, metric data tasks. All of these elements or parts contribute to the metric collection process in various ways.
      - [[types-of-metric-definitions|Types of metric definitions]] -- A metrics manager defines the metrics by creating a metric definition. A metric definition is a template-level record. In the metric definition, you set the core properties of the metric, such as unit, direction, nature, precision, and category. The metrics collect the scores, and these scores get rolled up into the metric definition.
      - [[thresholds-for-metrics|Thresholds for metrics]] -- In the context of metrics, thresholds refer to predetermined values or limits used to assess the performance of a metric. These thresholds are typically defined based on specific criteria or objectives and serve as reference points to determine whether the measured value or performance meets, exceeds, or falls below the desired level.
      - [[metrics-landing-page|Metrics landing page]] -- The metrics landing page offers an overview of all your metrics and metric definitions.
      - [[metric-data-table|Metric data table]] -- The metric data table enables data collection for metrics across the organization using an easy-to-use interface like a spreadsheet with multiple filters and a task management workflow.
      - [[metric-integration|Metric integration]] -- The metric integration tool enables you to manage your third-party Operational Sustainability Management data by normalizing and mass loading data using flat file. The terms flat file and normalized data refer to how data is stored electronically.
      - [[managing-different-fiscal-years|Managing different fiscal years]] -- Many global organizations have operations in different countries and each country could follow their own fiscal calendars instead of following the standard Gregorian calendar. When you create fiscal calendars, you enable the entities in other locations to collect data according to their own fiscal calendars.
    - [[configuring-grc-metrics|Configuring GRC: Metrics]] -- You can configure GRC: Metrics to meet the needs of your organization.
      - [[create-manual-metric-definition|Create a manual metric definition]] -- Create a manual metric definition to collect the data manually for a metric.
        - [[manual-md-reuse|Manual metric definition fields]] -- Detailed explanation of the fields on the manual metric definition form.
        - [[set-up-estimation-for-manual-metric-definition|Set up estimation for manual metric definition]] -- Enable or disable the estimation property to enable the use of estimated data when actual data is unavailable, using either pre-defined or custom methods in manual metric definitions.
      - [[create-assign-config-mmd|Create an assignment configuration]] -- Create an assignment configuration for a manual metric definition to have data owners dynamically assigned to metrics.
      - [[create-metric-definition|Create an automated metric definition]] -- Create an automated metric definition to collect the data for a metric. A metric definition specifies the method and key properties of the metric, such as the unit, direction, or nature of the metric.
        - [[automated-metric-definition-fields|Automated metric definition fields]] -- The fields of the automated metric definition form are explained in this topic.
      - [[create-composite-metric-definition|Create a calculated metric definition]] -- Create a calculated metric definition by aggregating the automatic metric definitions, the manual metric definitions, and the calculated metric definitions.
        - [[calculated-metric-definition-reuse|Calculated metric definition form]] -- The fields of the calculated metric definition form are explained in this topic.
      - [[formula-building-at-metric-definition-and-entity-level|Formula building in a calculated metric definition]] -- In a calculated metric definition, you can build formulas using operands, operators, and functions to perform calculations on metric data.
        - [[Formula-building-general-guidelines|General guidelines for formula building]] -- While building a custom formula in a calculated metric definition, keep these general guidelines in mind to easily create your formulas.
        - [[configure-formula-builder|Configure the formula builder]] -- Specify the formula context, the tables, and the identifiers before you can build a formula.
        - [[import-a-formula-into-a-cmd|Import a formula into a calculated metric definition]] -- Directly import any formula that is stored in Microsoft Excel spreadsheets into a calculated metric definition. This import helps in quickly building your formula for performing calculations.
        - [[create-a-formula|Create a formula]] -- Build your own formula using either entities or metric definitions.
        - [[edit-a-calculated-metric-definition-formula|Edit a calculated metric definition formula]] -- Edit a formula in a calculated metric definition to update the calculation logic or apply changes to historical data.
      - [[update-automated-metric-definition|Update a metric definition]] -- Update an existing metric definition to collect the new metrics. You can associate new goals, targets, and entities with the metric definition.
      - [[create-a-metric|Create a metric]] -- Create a metric to perform calculations on your data.
      - [[create-a-threshold-for-a-metric|Create a threshold for a metric]] -- Create thresholds for metrics and metric definitions to monitor performance. Thresholds serve as reference points based on specific criteria. Each threshold can be assigned a unique color and configured with conditions and subsequent actions.
      - [[copy-thresholds|Copy a threshold]] -- You can copy existing thresholds to create similar threshold configurations for the same metric or metric definition.
      - [[customize-threshold-colors|Customize threshold colors]] -- Customize the available threshold colors by enabling inactive colors in the Color dictionary.
      - [[create-a-unit|Create a metric unit]] -- Define the units in which the metric scores are displayed. The units can be numbers, percentages, currencies, quantities of time, or any other unit that you define. The commonly used units are provided with the Operational Sustainability Management application by default.
      - [[create-a-unit-family|Create a unit family]] -- Create a unit family to group similar units together. For example, the various units of distance such as miles and kilometers can be grouped. Unit families help you to organize units during unit conversion.
      - [[enable-custom-fiscal-year|Create fiscal calendars]] -- Collect, aggregate, and report data based on your fiscal calendars, which may differ from the standard Gregorian calendar. Global organizations often operate in countries with unique fiscal calendars. By creating fiscal calendars in the Operational Sustainability Management application, you enable local entities to collect data according to their own schedules.
        - [[map-target-and-source-calendars|Map target and source calendars]] -- Map target calendars with source calendars to establish the data roll up hierarchy. You can create multiple calendar mappings depending on your requirements.
        - [[add-entities-for-a-fiscal-calendar|Add entities for fiscal calendars]] -- Identify the entities that will follow the fiscal calendars you have created. This ensures that data collection is consistent, as each entity follows the designated calendar.
      - [[importing-metric-data|Importing historical metric data]] -- Import historical metric data by using a pre-defined import template with instructions. This process helps with updating and managing metric data within an organization, helping ensure that all data complies with established business rules and maintains integrity throughout the process.
        - [[create-metric-data-template|Download a metric import template]] -- Download and populate a metric import template that you can use for importing historical metric data and tasks. This template includes directions and is formatted specifically for this type of data import.
        - [[import-metric-data|Import historical metric data and tasks]] -- Import historical metric data with or without corresponding metric data tasks.
      - [[convert-data-into-any-unit|Convert metric data to a different unit]] -- Convert any metric data into a preferred reporting unit.
    - [[using-grc-metrics|Using GRC: Metrics to provide data]] -- Using the GRC: Metrics application you can track your business goals, define your key risk indicators (KRIs) and key performance indicators (KPIs), and generate reports for the management to provide insights into the progress.
      - [[update-a-metric|Update a metric]] -- Update a metric to add goals, metric data, and targets. Associate citations to the metric.
      - [[update-manual-metric|Update a manually created metric]] -- Update a manually created manual metric to add goals, metric data, and targets. Associate citations to the metric.
      - [[provide-data-for-metric-data-task|Provide data for a metric data task]] -- Use the metric data task to provide data for a manual metric. Metric data helps you analyze your progress toward your goals.
      - [[provide-data-for-multiple-metrics|Provide responses for multiple metrics]] -- Use the metric tasks module to provide responses for multiple metrics in an easy-to-use format.
      - [[review-mdt|Review a metric data task]] -- Review a metric data task for a manual or automated metric definition, and then either approve or reject the task based on your review.
      - [[create-an-adhoc-metric-data-task|Create ad hoc metric data tasks]] -- Handle off-cycle requests for up-to-date information on existing metric definitions and metrics by creating ad hoc metric data tasks. These tasks address off-cycle requests and provide the latest information.
        - [[ad-hoc-metric-data-task-limitations|Ad hoc metric data task limitations]] -- Ad hoc metric data tasks don't support certain features that are available for scheduled metric data tasks.
      - [[override-metric-data|Override metric data]] -- Modify or override the metric data if it's inaccurate, whether provided by the data owner or automatically collected based on the conditions defined in the metric definition.
      - [[override-mdt-response|Override metric data task response]] -- As a metrics administrator, if the response provided for a quantitative or qualitative metric must be modified, you can edit the data and provide a justification for the modification.
      - [[create-a-classification-choice|Create a grouping for metric definitions]] -- Create a group and a subgroup for similar metric definitions. Creating these groups facilitates easy reporting and tracking. You can set the values for the group and the subgroup through choices.
      - [[create-unique-metric-definition-names|Create a unique metric definition name]] -- Specify the value formula in the sn_grc_metric_definition in the required record table to create unique metric definition names to import data from an external source such as Watershed spreadsheets.
      - [[metric-definition-overview-page|Metric and metric definition overview pages]] -- The metric and the metric definition overview pages provide visualization for the metric trends and help you to monitor the tasks and activities that need attention.
      - [[reviewing-formula-tree|Reviewing calculation details with formula trees]] -- Review calculated metric definitions by viewing a structured and visual representation of the entire calculation chain. By using a formula tree, you can access the calculation details and view how the different metrics and emission factors are interconnected.
        - [[view-formula-tree|View the calculation breakdown in a formula tree]] -- View a structured and visual representation of the entire calculation chain.
    - [[grc-metrics-reference|GRC: Metrics reference]] -- Several properties, tables, and roles are installed with the GRC: Metrics application.
      - [[tables-installed-with-metrics|Components installed with the GRC: Metrics application]] -- When the Operational Sustainability Management application is activated, the GRC: Metrics application is automatically installed. The GRC: Metrics application adds several tables, properties, and roles that are listed here.
      - [[metric-threshold-form-fields|Metric Threshold form fields]] -- Describes the fields in the Metric Threshold form.
  - [[using-esg|Use]] -- By using the Operational Sustainability Management application, you can import citations from various frameworks and create disclosures.
    - [[esg-disclosures|Disclosures in Operational Sustainability Management (formerly ESG Management)]] -- An Operational Sustainability Management disclosure refers to the practice of companies and organizations providing information and reports on their operational sustainability performance. These disclosures are designed to offer insights into how a company manages and addresses various sustainability-related issues. Users with the sn_esg.reporting_disclosure_manager role are responsible to manage the disclosure reports.
      - [[types-of-disclosure-reports|Types of disclosure reports]] -- The Operational Sustainability Management application provides the multiple types of disclosures reports and each type is used for a specific purpose.
      - [[approval-workflow-of-a-disclosure|Approval workflow of a disclosure]] -- If a narrative disclosure specifies a single approver or multiple approvers during its creation, it is mandatory for those designated approvers to grant approval before the disclosure can transition to the next state.
      - [[create-a-disclosure-template|Create a disclosure template]] -- Create your own unique Microsoft Word disclosure templates tailored to different types of disclosures. Utilize these templates that you create when you generate specific disclosures. The templates help to streamline the disclosure process by implementing customized templates for efficiency and consistency.
      - [[create-disclosure|Create a narrative disclosure on remote storage]] -- Create an Operational Sustainability Management narrative disclosure for your organization and store it on remote storage such as Microsoft SharePoint. Disclosures can be of several types such as ESG report, annual report, and so on.
      - [[create-a-disclosure-on-local|Create a narrative disclosure on local system]] -- Create an Operational Sustainability Management narrative disclosure for your organization and store it on your local system. After you create a disclosure, you can download the document, edit it, add metrics to it, and upload it back into the Operational Sustainability Management instance.
        - [[upload-a-disclosure-document|Upload a disclosure document]] -- Upload locally created disclosures in the Operational Sustainability Management application instance.
      - [[add-disclosure-related-docs|Add disclosure documents]] -- Add secondary related or supporting documents to any disclosure you create. Supporting documents may include sustainability reports, corporate governance documents, third-party certifications, and relevant policies such as those on ethics and supply chain practices. These documents provide additional context and validation for environmental, social, and governance disclosures.
      - [[add-related-metric-to-a-disclosure|Add metrics to a disclosure]] -- Add any metrics to the disclosure that would help to contribute to the disclosure data.
      - [[create-a-authority-document-using-esg-workspace|Create authority document]] -- The authority document is a regulatory framework or standard issued by a recognized organization or governing body that outlines the reporting obligations for operational sustainability disclosures.
      - [[create-a-citation-using-esg-workspace|Create citation]] -- The citations are the individual reporting requirements or metrics defined within an authority document. They specify the exact data points or qualitative information an organization must disclose.
    - [[claims-for-reporting|Claims for reporting]] -- Claims for reporting are narrative statements or data points that organizations want to document and track for potential future use in disclosures.
      - [[create-or-edit-a-claim|Create or edit a claim]] -- Create or edit a claim that accurately documents a specific achievement, commitment, event, or activity performed by your organization, suitable for use in future disclosures or reports.
        - [[claims-for-reporting-fields|Claims for reporting fields]] -- Learn about the fields of the Claims for reporting form. Use this form to create a new claim.
    - [[esg-reporting-framework|Reporting frameworks]] -- The Operational Sustainability Management application uses several sustainability reporting frameworks to help organizations report their economic, environmental, social, and governance performance. The Unified content management application is a centralized repository of frameworks, citations, metric definitions, and emission factors. Using this application accelerates the adoption of ESG frameworks.
    - [[set-up-scenarios|Set up analysis contexts and analyses]] -- To simulate different analyses, create an analysis context and define the metric and forecast periods, then create analyses. Use the forecast planning and analysis tools to generate and compare the outcomes of these analyses, evaluating the impact of different interventions.
      - [[create-an-analysis-context|Create an analysis context]] -- Create an analysis context to group different analyses for a specific use case. By setting up an analysis context, you can help confirm that all relevant analyses are considered and compared systematically, providing a comprehensive view of potential outcomes.
      - [[create-a-scenario-analysis|Create an analysis]] -- Create analyses to model different outcomes based on specific interventions or changes. You can generate forecasts for each analysis and use that information to compare the different outcomes and better understand the impact of potential interventions.
      - [[create-a-forecast-intervention|Adjust parameters]] -- Adjust parameters to model different outcomes based on specific interventions or changes. When you update these parameters it enables your organization to explore the potential impacts of different decisions, providing a clear comparison of outcomes.
      - [[create-forecast-comparison|Create a forecast comparison graph]] -- Create a forecast comparison graph to compare the different outcomes based on specific interventions or changes.
    - [[now-assist-for-esg|Now Assist]] -- Use the Now Assist for Operational Sustainability application to empower your sustainability teams with Generative AI-powered capabilities to automate and streamline data collection, and confirm accurate, auditable reporting at enterprise scale.
      - [[exploring-now-assist-for-esg|Explore]] -- With the Operational Sustainability Management application, you can use the skills to automate the collection of operational sustainability metric data from utility bill documents.
        - [[ai-driven-document-intelligence-for-utility-invoices|Document intelligence for utility invoices]] -- The AI-driven document intelligence for utility invoices feature is designed to automate metric data collection. It automates the metric data collection by extracting utility bill data such as consumption, billing dates, amounts, and units of measurement within the Operational Sustainability Workspace.
        - [[supporting-information-for-now-assist-for-esg|Supporting information]] -- Get a quick overview of the important information that is related to the Now Assist for Operational Sustainability application.
        - [[carbon-calulations-agentic-workflow|Carbon calculations using AI agents]] -- Automates the creation of calculated metric definition (CMD) records and formulas for Scope 3 carbon emissions categories. Uses AI-powered document analysis and semantic matching to confirm accuracy, reducing manual effort for ESG program managers.
      - [[configure-now-assist-for-esg|Configure]] -- If you have the admin role, you can configure the Now Assist for Operational Sustainability application so that your users can use the generative AI skills in the Operational Sustainability Workspace.
        - [[activate-the-document-intelligence-for-utility-invoices-skill|Activate document intelligence for utility invoices skill]] -- Activate and then configure document intelligence for utility invoices skill from Now Assist to automate the extraction of metrics data from utility invoices. Once activated, map the extracted data to the correct metric definitions and entities.
          - [[setup-metric-definition-and-entity-mapping-records|Setup metric definition and entity-mapping records]] -- Configure your environment so that values extracted using the Document Intelligence for Utility Invoices skill map to the correct Environmental, Social, and Governance metrics and entities. This eliminates manual data entry and improves accuracy.
        - [[activate-carbon-calculations-agentic-workflow|Activate carbon calculations agentic workflow]] -- Configure and activate the carbon calculation workflow that uses AI agents and tools. It automates the creation of calculated metric definition (CMD) records and formulas for Scope 3 carbon emissions.
          - [[activate-calculation-creation-ai-agent|Activate calculation creation AI agent]] -- The calculation creation AI agent creates a calculated metric definition record using the formula passed in the input.
          - [[activate-calculation-operand-ai-agent-cmd|Activate calculation operand AI agent CMD]] -- The calculation operand AI agent CMD identifies and retrieves relevant metric definitions and emission factors from existing sources. It then replaces generic references in the input formula with precise metric definition and emission factor names.
          - [[attaching-calculation-guidance-document|Attaching calculation guidance document]] -- Attach the Calculation Guidance PDF to the designated emission calculation guidelines table record to enable the carbon calculations agentic workflow. The agent relies on this document to extract calculation methods, formulas, and category details for automated metric definition creation.
      - [[use-agentic-ai-in-now-assist-for-esg-management|Use agentic workflows in ESG]] -- Use agents within an agentic workflow or as standalone agents to achieve specific automated outcomes.
        - [[generate-carbon-calculcations-for-metrics|Generate Scope 3 carbon calculations]] -- Use the AI-driven workflow to create calculated metric definitions (CMD) for Scope 3 carbon emissions. The workflow employs conversational agents and integrated tools to guide methodology selection, map metrics, and simplify sustainability reporting with accuracy and efficiency.
      - [[using-now-assist-for-esg-skills|Use generative AI skills]] -- If you have the sn_esg_gen_ai.docintel_user role, you can leverage the Now Assist for Operational Sustainability skill to automate the extraction of metrics data from utility invoices. Then map the extracted data to the correct metric definitions and entities.
        - [[extract-data-from-utility-invoices|Extract data from utility invoices]] -- The AI-driven Document Intelligence for utility invoices feature automates the extraction of utility bill data, including consumption, billing dates, and amounts. Then the extracted data is mapped to the correct metric definitions and entities using configurable mapping tables within the Operational Sustainability Workspace. This streamlines data processing and enhances accuracy.
  - [[integrate-esg|Integrating Operational Sustainability Management (formerly ESG) with other applications]] -- You can integrate Operational Sustainability Management with Project Portfolio Management and Integrated Risk Management (IRM). These integrations provide you with more options to track your goals.
    - [[integrating-o365-with-servicenow|Integrating Microsoft 365 with ServiceNow reporting]] -- The Microsoft 365 for ServiceNow Reporting (sn_esg_msoff_intg) integration provides disclosure reporting capabilities to ESG reporting disclosure managers to seamlessly report ServiceNow Operational Sustainability Management system data, list reports, charts, pivot, and multi pivot reports using Microsoft Word.
      - [[workflow-ms-365|Workflow of Microsoft 365 for ServiceNow Reporting]] -- The Microsoft 365 for ServiceNow Reporting integration utilizes a workflow that requires participation from multiple user roles such as system administrators, ESG administrators, and disclosure managers. By defining a clear workflow, individuals and teams can better understand their roles and responsibilities and generate the necessary disclosures.
      - [[install-o365-addin|Install the ServiceNow Document designer add-in]] -- Install the ServiceNow Document designer add-in to your Microsoft Word document. This add-in is required to import reports and data from your ServiceNow instance to Microsoft Word documents to create disclosure reports.
      - [[configure-o365-reporting-configs|Set up Microsoft 365 reporting configuration]] -- Set up the Microsoft 365 reporting configuration records to specify the data points and reports that you want to import in to a Microsoft Word document for disclosure reporting purposes.
        - [[configure-business-domain-roles|Configure a business domain role]] -- Configure the business domain roles so that users of a particular domain can select the domain for which they want to import the data. Only those users who are added during the configuration can view the domain on the Microsoft Word document.
      - [[add-additional-reporting-filters|Add additional reporting configuration filters for a Microsoft 365 configuration record]] -- Add additional reporting filters to specify at a granular level what data must be imported to the disclosure report from a table.
        - [[add-related-fields-0365|Add related fields to a Microsoft 365 configuration record]] -- Add related fields to filter values based on the chosen primary field. These filter values will automatically adjust according to the selected filter criteria.
      - [[add-the-sn-esg-addin-into-ms-word|Add the ServiceNow Document designer add-in into Microsoft Word]] -- Before you can import data into your Microsoft Word document to create your disclosure reports, you must add the ServiceNow Document designer add-in to your Microsoft Word application.
      - [[import-data-into-ms-word|Import data in to a Microsoft Word disclosure report]] -- Import and insert data and reports into a Microsoft Word disclosure report document from a ServiceNow instance. You can only import and insert the data that is configured in your reporting configurations.
        - [[create-a-claim-from-microsoft-word|Create a claim from Microsoft Word]] -- You can create a claim directly from Microsoft Word for use in future disclosures or reports.
    - [[esg-risk-management|Integrating Operational Sustainability Management (formerly ESG) with Advanced risk assessment]] -- The Operational Sustainability Risk Management capability enables you to assess and evaluate operational sustainability risks for businesses. This capability is an integration of Operational Sustainability Management with Advanced risk assessment. To use the risk assessment feature, you must install and activate the sn_esg_risk_mgmt plugin.
      - [[workflow-of-esg-risk-management|Workflow of Operational Sustainability Risk Management]] -- To perform risk assessments for your material topics and your entities, the ESG administrator, the ESG risk manager, and the ESG data owner must perform a set of defined steps.
      - [[create-a-risk-assessment-methodology|Configure a risk assessment methodology]] -- Configure the risk assessment methodologies (RAMs) that are provided by default. A RAM is a configuration or a record in the risk assessment engine.
      - [[create-a-risk-asmt-scope-and-initiate-asmt|Create a risk assessment scope and initiate an assessment]] -- Create a risk assessment scope to define and identify risks for an entity. Identify assessors and approvers for assessments and define the frequency of assessments. After creating the scope, initiate the risk assessments.
      - [[initiate-a-risk-assessment-on-a-mt|Initiate risk assessments on material topics]] -- Assess the risks to your material topics by initiating a risk assessment and sending it to the owner of the material topic.
      - [[respond-to-a-risk-asmt|Respond to a risk assessment]] -- Conduct risk assessments to assess risks in the Operational Sustainability Management application.
    - [[integrate-esg-with-watershed|Integrating Operational Sustainability Management (formerly ESG) with Watershed]] -- Watershed is a tool that enables organizations to measure their carbon emissions and renewable energy and its impact. It also enables organizations to act to reduce emissions, and to report on the progress to reduce their carbon footprint.
      - [[configure-metric-integrations|Modify the Operational Sustainability Integration with Watershed]] -- Modify the Operational Sustainability Integration with Watershed configurations to specify how you want to import data from Watershed to generate metrics.
      - [[create-data-mapping|Create data mapping]] -- Create data mappings to import Watershed data from columns other than the pre-configured columns of the Watershed spreadsheet. By default, data import from three columns is supported.
      - [[create-an-entity-mapping|Create a record identifier in an entity]] -- Create record identifiers with text for correctly mapping the entities. This activity saves time for the ESG program managers by not having to create new entities.
      - [[load-data-from-watershed|Load data from Watershed into Operational Sustainability Management]] -- Load data from the Watershed spreadsheets into the staging table. After you load the data and complete the setup, you can start using the Operational Sustainability Integration with Watershed.
      - [[view-and-verify-the-import-sets|View and verify the import sets]] -- Verify if your data is imported correctly from an external source. This verification enables you to identify if there were any errors during the data import.
      - [[create-a-transform-map|Create a transform map]] -- Create a transform map to match the columns from the staging table to the columns in the target table. The transformation helps to convert the data from the source table into metric data.
    - [[integrating-esg-management-with-urjanet|Integrating Operational Sustainability Management (formerly ESG) with Urjanet]] -- Urjanet is a cloud-based platform that extracts different utility bills directly from the source, and delivers it into the business systems and applications that rely on it. As an ESG program manager or a metrics manager you can get your utilities data automatically from Urjanet and avoid manual data entry from your various facilities or office owners.
      - [[install-urjanet|Install Operational Sustainability Integration with Urjanet]] -- You can install the Operational Sustainability Integration with Urjanet application (sn_esg_urjanet) if you have the admin role. The application installs related ServiceNow Store applications and plugins if they aren't already installed.
      - [[create-an-urjanet-connection|Create an Urjanet connection]] -- Create an Urjanet account connection with valid credentials to establish a connection between Urjanet and ServiceNow. Only one connection can be active for each domain for the integration. You can separate the imported data into logically defined domains. Data access is restricted among the domains.
      - [[configure-entities-for-urjanet|Create an entity mapping for Urjanet]] -- Create entity mappings for Urjanet because the Operational Sustainability Integration with Urjanet considers each Urjanet account meter as an entity.
      - [[create-metric-definition-mapping|Create a metric definition mapping]] -- Create a metric definition mapping to map the imported data from Urjanet with the correct metric definitions.
      - [[configure-webhook|Generate Webhook URL]] -- Define a Webhook registry for generating the Webhook URL. Urjanet uses the Webhook URL to send real time data to the Operational Sustainability Management application when an Urjanet statement data is either generated or modified.
      - [[import-data-from-urjanet|Import meter details from Urjanet]] -- Using scheduled jobs, import meter details such as meter number, meter ID, and so on from Urjanet into the Operational Sustainability Management application for reporting purposes. The details are imported in the form of entities.
      - [[load-historical-urjanet-data|Load historical Urjanet data]] -- Load historical Urjanet account statement data as metric data by creating new metrics that can be managed as part of Operational Sustainability Management. Data is retrieved from the date that you specify while configuring the Urjanet connection.
    - [[integrate-esg-with-workday|Integrating Operational Sustainability Management (formerly ESG) with Workday]] -- The Operational Sustainability Integration with Workday plugin enables users to import HR data that is required for operational sustainability reporting from Workday into the Operational Sustainability Management application.
      - [[workflow-of-esg-workday-integration|Workflow of Operational Sustainability Integration with Workday]] -- To import data from Workday into Operational Sustainability Management, you must perform a sequence of tasks and configure the system properly.
      - [[install-workday-esg|Install Operational Sustainability Integration with Workday]] -- You can install the Operational Sustainability Integration with Workday application (sn_esg_workday) if you have the admin role.If the application does NOT include demo data or it does NOT install related applications and plugins, delete or revise the following sentence: The application includes demo data and installs related ServiceNow Store applications and plugins if they are not already installed.
      - [[create-a-workday-connection|Create a Workday connection]] -- Create connection and credential records for the Operational Sustainability Integration with Workday so that you can establish a new connection.
      - [[activate-the-workday-reports|Activate the Workday reports]] -- Activate the corresponding Workday report for each of the metric definitions that is provided by default.
      - [[generate-webhook-registry-username-pwd|Generate webhook registry username and password]] -- Generate a user name and password in your ServiceNow instance to authenticate webhook requests and retrieve the required metric data from the Workday application.
      - [[activate-the-metric-definitions|Activate the metric definitions to track data]] -- Activate those metric definitions for which you want to track or import data.
      - [[run-scheduled-jobs-for-workday-reports|Run the entity onboarding job for Workday reports]] -- Run the specified scheduled job to get new entities that may have been added in Workday. Running this job ensures that the entity mapping table is updated.
      - [[run-workday-data-import-job|Run the Workday data import job]] -- Run the scheduled integration job that runs that pulls data for the activated reports based on the frequency specified in the job.
      - [[run-workday-on-demand-job|Run the Workday on demand job]] -- Use the ad-hoc Workday on-demand data import job to pull data for all activated Workday reports.
    - [[integrate-esg-with-concur|Integrating Operational Sustainability Management (formerly ESG) with SAP Concur]] -- Use the Operational Sustainability Integration with Concur to calculate your carbon emissions when your employees travel by car, airplane, and train for business. Tracking these emissions enables you to manage them and take the necessary actions to reduce them.
      - [[install-the-esg-integration-with-concur|Install the Operational Sustainability Integration with Concur]] -- You can install the Operational Sustainability Integration with Concur application (sn_esg_concur) if you have the admin role. The application includes demo data.
      - [[activate-the-concur-md|Activate the SAP Concur metric definitions]] -- Activate those metric definitions for which you want to track emissions data. By default, three metric definitions are provided to track the emissions generated by employees traveling by airplane, car, and train.
      - [[create-a-concur-connection|Create a connection for SAP concur event subscription service]] -- Create connection and credential records for the Operational Sustainability Integration with Concur so that you can establish a new connection.
      - [[create-concur-webhook-registry|Create a SAP Concur webhook registry]] -- Create a webhook registry to be notified whenever a trip is either created or modified in SAP Concur.
        - [[create-webhook-subscription|Create a webhook subscription]] -- Webhooks are used to simplify communication between two applications. Create a webhook subscription to connect to Concur through webhook.
      - [[run-entity-onboarding-job-for-concur|Run the entity onboarding job for SAP Concur]] -- Run the specified scheduled job to get new entities that may have been added in Concur. Running this job ensures that the entity mapping table is updated.
      - [[run-sap-concur-trip-data-import-scheduled-job|Run SAP Concur trip data import scheduled job]] -- Run the trip data import scheduled job to obtain the trip data from Concur. The trip data consists of details such as the distance traveled, trip start date and end date, and so on. This job runs automatically but can also be executed manually.
      - [[run-sap-concur-data-import-scheduled-job|Run SAP Concur data import scheduled job]] -- The data import scheduled job automatically runs monthly and can also be executed manually. When this job runs, it aggregates the data from the SAP Concur trip data staging table based on the trip end date and creates metric data for the respective metric definitions.​
    - [[integrate-operational-sustainability-with-SocialSuite|Integrating Operational Sustainability Management with Socialsuite]] -- Socialsuite is a platform for conducting materiality assessments. You can import material topics from Socialsuite into your ServiceNow instance and manage them in the Operational Sustainability Management application.
      - [[activate-operational-sustainability-integration-with-socialsuite|Activate Operational Sustainability Integration with Socialsuite]] -- You can activate the Operational Sustainability Integration with Socialsuite plugin (sn_osm_ma) for Operational Sustainability Management if you have the admin role. The plugin enables you to import materiality assessment results from Socialsuite for reporting and compliance. If the application does NOT include demo data or it does NOT install related applications and plugins, delete or revise the following sentence:
      - [[set-material-topic-selection-system-property|Set Material topic selection system property]] -- Set the Material topic selection system property to enable the Socialsuite integration features.
      - [[create-a-socialsuite-connection|Create a Socialsuite connection]] -- Create a Socialsuite connection to sync material topics and materiality assessment results from Socialsuite into your ServiceNow instance.
      - [[sync-material-topics-from-socialsuite|Sync material topics from Socialsuite]] -- Sync material topics from Socialsuite to import materiality assessment results into the Operational Sustainability Management application.
  - [[esg-analytics-reporting|Overview pages in the Operational Sustainability Workspace (formerly ESG Workspace)]] -- In the Operational Sustainability Workspace, you can view various dashboards and relevant data based on the overview pages of records. The data displayed is based on the user role of the users.
    - [[goals-overview-page|Goals overview in the Operational Sustainability Workspace (formerly ESG Workspace)]] -- Goals refer to objectives that an organization sets for itself to make an impact on their ESG initiatives. They help you to track your progress toward the material topics that you have identified.
    - [[disclosure-overview-esg-workspace|Disclosure overview in the Operational Sustainability Workspace (formerly ESG Workspace)]] -- The Overview tab for the disclosure records in the Operational Sustainability Workspace is designed for different users to view the state and summary of the disclosures.
  - [[reference-data-esg|Operational Sustainability Management (formerly ESG) reference]] -- The following sections show the roles, tables, and properties installed with the Operational Sustainability Management application.
    - [[components-installed-with-esg|Components installed with Operational Sustainability Management (formerly ESG Management)]] -- Several types of components such as roles, tables, and properties are installed with the Operational Sustainability Management application and the GRC: Metrics application.
    - [[tables-installed-with-goals|Roles installed with the Goal Framework]] -- Several roles are installed with activation of the Goal Framework plugin.
    - [[esg-domain-separation|Domain separation and Operational Sustainability Management]] -- Domain separation is supported for Operational Sustainability Management. Domain separation enables you to separate data, processes, and administrative tasks into logical groupings called domains. You can control several aspects of this separation, including which users can see and access data.
    - [[socialsuite-material-topic-fields|Socialsuite material topic fields]] -- Fields added to the Material Topic (sn_esg_material_topic) table for Socialsuite integration.
    - [[socialsuite-import-log|Socialsuite import log]] -- The Socialsuite import log table (sn_osm_ma_import_log) tracks material topic data imported from Socialsuite into your ServiceNow instance. When you sync material topics, the assessment data is first imported into this table before the system creates corresponding material topic records. The import log is read-only and automatically maintained by the system.

## Related

- [[esg-landing-page|Operational Sustainability Management \(formerly Environmental, Social, and Governance\)]]
- [[esg-new-explore|Exploring Operational Sustainability Management \(formerly ESG Management\)]]
- [[components-of-esg-management|Elements of Operational Sustainability Management \(formerly ESG Management\)]]
- [[material-topic-workflow-and-states|Material topic workflow and states]]
- [[new-esg-use-cases|Operational Sustainability Management \(formerly ESG Management\) use case]]
- [[esg-homepage|Operational Sustainability Workspace \(formerly ESG Workspace\)]]
- [[my-esg-tasks|My tasks page view]]
- [[esg-workspace-personas|Operational Sustainability Workspace \(formerly ESG Workspace\) users]]
- [[managing-sustainable-it|Managing Sustainable IT]]
- [[sustainable-it-dashboard|Sustainable IT dashboard]]
- [[scope-3-dashboard|Scope 3 dashboard]]
- [[reports-on-the-scope-3-dashboard|Reports on the scope 3 dashboard]]
- [[esg-content-accelerator|Unified content management]]
- [[emission-factor-library|Emission factor library]]
- [[usage-of-emission-factors-in-a-calculated-metric-definition|Usage of emission factors in a calculated metric definition]]
- [[scenario-analysis-forecast|Forecasting planning and analysis]]
- [[configuring-esg|Configure Operational Sustainability Management \(formerly ESG Management\)]]
- [[esg-implementation|Operational Sustainability Management \(formerly ESG Management\) implementation]]
- [[install-esg|Install Operational Sustainability Management \(formerly ESG Management\)]]
- [[complete-the-entitlements-for-esg-management|Complete the entitlements for Operational Sustainability Management \(formerly ESG Management\)]]
- [[setup-checklist-esg|Setup checklist for the Operational Sustainability Management \(formerly ESG Management\) application]]
- [[create-material-topics|Create a material topic]]
- [[approve-a-mt|Approve or reject a material topic]]
- [[create-esg-goal|Create an Operational Sustainability Management \(formerly ESG Management\) goal]]
- [[goal-progress-value-calculation|Goal progress value calculation]]
- [[migrate-existing-goals-to-new-data-model|Migrate existing goals data to Goal Framework]]
- [[configure-project-form|Display the priorities and goals on the project form]]
- [[associate-a-goal-to-mt|Map a goal to a material topic]]
- [[associate-entities-to-goals|Associate entities to goals]]
- [[create-esg-target|Create an Operational Sustainability Management \(formerly ESG Management\) target]]
- [[add-a-source-for-a-target|Add a source for a target]]
- [[set-up-the-emission-factor-library|Set up the emission factor library]]
- [[create-an-emission-activity|Create a new emission activity]]
- [[import-emission-activities-and-map-locations|Import emission activities and map their locations]]
- [[create-an-emission-factor|Create an emission factor]]
- [[add-locations-to-an-emission-factor|Add locations to an emission factor]]
- [[recalculate-emission-factor|Recalculate emission factor]]
- [[create-a-new-schedule|Create a new schedule]]
- [[create-related-list-groupings|Create related list groupings]]
- [[configure-sustainable-it|Configure Sustainable IT]]
- [[activate-the-sustainable-it-plugin|Activate the Sustainable IT plugin]]
- [[filter-sustainable-it-metric-definitions|Filter Sustainable IT metric definitions]]
- [[methods-to-set-up-entities|Methods to set up entities for Sustainable IT]]
- [[create-a-new-entity-for-data-centers|Create new entities for data centers]]
- [[set-up-entities-for-sustainable-it|Manually set up entities for Sustainable IT data centers]]
- [[configure-map-markers|Configure a map marker]]
- [[map-data-range-configurations|Map data range configurations]]
- [[install-citations-frameworks-from-esg-content-accelerator|Activate or update a framework and install citations using the Unified content management]]
- [[filter-citations-and-authority-documents-for-esg|Filter citations documents for Operational Sustainability Management \(formerly ESG Management\)]]
- [[configuring-the-scope-3-dashboard|Configuring the Scope 3 dashboard]]
- [[create-an-emission-category-type|Create an emission category type]]
- [[configure-the-supplier-emissions-by-model-table|Configure the supplier emissions by model table]]
- [[create-an-inflation-factor|Create an inflation factor]]
- [[entities-in-esg|Manage entities in Operational Sustainability Management \(formerly ESG Management\)]]
- [[create-entity|Create an entity]]
- [[update-an-entity|Update an entity]]
- [[create-entity-type|Create an entity type]]
- [[update-entity-type|Update an entity type]]
- [[create-entity-class|Create an entity class]]
- [[update-entity-class|Update an entity class]]
- [[monitor-data-using-esg-dashboards|Monitoring assessment data using Operational Sustainability Management dashboards]]
- [[create-an-esg-dashboard|Create an Operational Sustainability Management dashboard using the In-line editor]]
- [[edit-esg-dashboard-details|Edit Operational Sustainability Management dashboard details]]
- [[edit-esg-dashboards|Edit Operational Sustainability Management dashboards]]
- [[edit-esg-dashboard-elements|Edit Operational Sustainability Management dashboard elements]]
- [[share-an-esg-dashboard|Share an Operational Sustainability Management dashboard]]
- [[delete-an-esg-dashboard|Delete an Operational Sustainability Management dashboard]]
- [[metrics-overview|metrics overview]]
- [[esg-metrics|esg metrics]]
- [[elements-of-metrics|elements of metrics]]
- [[types-of-metric-definitions|Types of metric definitions]]
- [[thresholds-for-metrics|Thresholds for metrics]]
- [[metrics-landing-page|Metrics landing page]]
- [[metric-data-table|Metric data table]]
- [[metric-integration|Metric integration]]
- [[managing-different-fiscal-years|Managing different fiscal years]]
- [[configuring-grc-metrics|configuring grc metrics]]
- [[create-manual-metric-definition|Create a manual metric definition]]
- [[manual-md-reuse|Manual metric definition fields]]
- [[set-up-estimation-for-manual-metric-definition|Set up estimation for manual metric definition]]
- [[create-assign-config-mmd|Create an assignment configuration]]
- [[create-metric-definition|Create an automated metric definition]]
- [[automated-metric-definition-fields|Automated metric definition fields]]
- [[create-composite-metric-definition|Create a calculated metric definition]]
- [[calculated-metric-definition-reuse|Calculated metric definition form]]
- [[formula-building-at-metric-definition-and-entity-level|Formula building in a calculated metric definition]]
- [[Formula-building-general-guidelines|General guidelines for formula building]]
- [[configure-formula-builder|Configure the formula builder]]
- [[import-a-formula-into-a-cmd|Import a formula into a calculated metric definition]]
- [[create-a-formula|Create a formula]]
- [[edit-a-calculated-metric-definition-formula|Edit a calculated metric definition formula]]
- [[update-automated-metric-definition|Update a metric definition]]
- [[create-a-metric|Create a metric]]
- [[create-a-threshold-for-a-metric|Create a threshold for a metric]]
- [[copy-thresholds|Copy a threshold]]
- [[customize-threshold-colors|Customize threshold colors]]
- [[create-a-unit|Create a metric unit]]
- [[create-a-unit-family|Create a unit family]]
- [[enable-custom-fiscal-year|Create fiscal calendars]]
- [[map-target-and-source-calendars|Map target and source calendars]]
- [[add-entities-for-a-fiscal-calendar|Add entities for fiscal calendars]]
- [[importing-metric-data|Importing historical metric data]]
- [[create-metric-data-template|Download a metric import template]]
- [[import-metric-data|Import historical metric data and tasks]]
- [[convert-data-into-any-unit|Convert metric data to a different unit]]
- [[using-grc-metrics|using grc metrics]]
- [[update-a-metric|Update a metric]]
- [[update-manual-metric|Update a manually created metric]]
- [[provide-data-for-metric-data-task|Provide data for a metric data task]]
- [[provide-data-for-multiple-metrics|Provide responses for multiple metrics]]
- [[review-mdt|Review a metric data task]]
- [[create-an-adhoc-metric-data-task|Create ad hoc metric data tasks]]
- [[ad-hoc-metric-data-task-limitations|Ad hoc metric data task limitations]]
- [[override-metric-data|Override metric data]]
- [[override-mdt-response|Override metric data task response]]
- [[create-a-classification-choice|Create a grouping for metric definitions]]
- [[create-unique-metric-definition-names|Create a unique metric definition name]]
- [[metric-definition-overview-page|Metric and metric definition overview pages]]
- [[reviewing-formula-tree|Reviewing calculation details with formula trees]]
- [[view-formula-tree|View the calculation breakdown in a formula tree]]
- [[grc-metrics-reference|grc metrics reference]]
- [[tables-installed-with-metrics|tables installed with metrics]]
- [[metric-threshold-form-fields|Metric Threshold form fields]]
- [[using-esg|Using Operational Sustainability Management \(formerly Environmental, Social, and Governance\)]]
- [[esg-disclosures|Disclosures in Operational Sustainability Management \(formerly ESG Management\)]]
- [[types-of-disclosure-reports|Types of disclosure reports]]
- [[approval-workflow-of-a-disclosure|Approval workflow of a disclosure]]
- [[create-a-disclosure-template|Create a disclosure template]]
- [[create-disclosure|Create a narrative disclosure on remote storage]]
- [[create-a-disclosure-on-local|Create a narrative disclosure on local system]]
- [[upload-a-disclosure-document|Upload a disclosure document]]
- [[add-disclosure-related-docs|Add disclosure documents]]
- [[add-related-metric-to-a-disclosure|Add metrics to a disclosure]]
- [[create-a-authority-document-using-esg-workspace|Create a authority document using Operational Sustainability Workspace]]
- [[create-a-citation-using-esg-workspace|Create a citation using Operational Sustainability Workspace]]
- [[claims-for-reporting|Claims for reporting]]
- [[create-or-edit-a-claim|Create or edit a claim]]
- [[claims-for-reporting-fields|Claims for reporting fields]]
- [[esg-reporting-framework|Reporting frameworks]]
- [[set-up-scenarios|Set up analysis contexts and analyses]]
- [[create-an-analysis-context|Create an analysis context]]
- [[create-a-scenario-analysis|Create an analysis]]
- [[create-a-forecast-intervention|Adjust parameters]]
- [[create-forecast-comparison|Create a forecast comparison graph]]
- [[now-assist-for-esg|Now Assist for Operational Sustainability \(formerly ESG\)]]
- [[exploring-now-assist-for-esg|Exploring Now Assist for Operational Sustainability \(formerly ESG\)]]
- [[ai-driven-document-intelligence-for-utility-invoices|Document intelligence for utility invoices]]
- [[supporting-information-for-now-assist-for-esg|Supporting information for Now Assist for Operational Sustainability Management]]
- [[carbon-calulations-agentic-workflow|Carbon calculations using AI agents]]
- [[configure-now-assist-for-esg|Configure Now Assist for Operational Sustainability \(formerly ESG\)]]
- [[activate-the-document-intelligence-for-utility-invoices-skill|Activate the document intelligence for utility invoices skill]]
- [[setup-metric-definition-and-entity-mapping-records|Setup metric definition and entity-mapping records]]
- [[activate-carbon-calculations-agentic-workflow|Activate carbon calculations agentic workflow]]
- [[activate-calculation-creation-ai-agent|Activate calculation creation AI agent]]
- [[activate-calculation-operand-ai-agent-cmd|Activate calculation operand AI agent CMD]]
- [[attaching-calculation-guidance-document|Attaching calculation guidance document]]
- [[use-agentic-ai-in-now-assist-for-esg-management|Use agentic AI in Now Assist for Operational Sustainability \(formerly ESG\)]]
- [[generate-carbon-calculcations-for-metrics|Generate Scope 3 carbon calculations]]
- [[using-now-assist-for-esg-skills|Using Now Assist for Operational Sustainability \(formerly ESG\) skills]]
- [[extract-data-from-utility-invoices|Extract data from utility invoices]]
- [[integrate-esg|Integrating Operational Sustainability Management \(formerly ESG\) with other applications]]
- [[integrating-o365-with-servicenow|Integrating Microsoft 365 with ServiceNow reporting]]
- [[workflow-ms-365|Workflow of Microsoft 365 for ServiceNow Reporting]]
- [[install-o365-addin|Install the ServiceNow Document designer add-in]]
- [[configure-o365-reporting-configs|Set up Microsoft 365 reporting configuration]]
- [[configure-business-domain-roles|Configure a business domain role]]
- [[add-additional-reporting-filters|Add additional reporting configuration filters for a Microsoft 365 configuration record]]
- [[add-related-fields-0365|Add related fields to a Microsoft 365 configuration record]]
- [[add-the-sn-esg-addin-into-ms-word|Add the ServiceNow Document designer add-in into Microsoft Word]]
- [[import-data-into-ms-word|Import data in to a Microsoft Word disclosure report]]
- [[create-a-claim-from-microsoft-word|Create a claim from Microsoft Word]]
- [[esg-risk-management|Integrating Operational Sustainability Management \(formerly ESG\) with Advanced risk assessment]]
- [[workflow-of-esg-risk-management|Workflow of Operational Sustainability Risk Management]]
- [[create-a-risk-assessment-methodology|Configure a risk assessment methodology]]
- [[create-a-risk-asmt-scope-and-initiate-asmt|Create a risk assessment scope and initiate an assessment]]
- [[initiate-a-risk-assessment-on-a-mt|Initiate risk assessments on material topics]]
- [[respond-to-a-risk-asmt|Respond to a risk assessment]]
- [[integrate-esg-with-watershed|Integrating Operational Sustainability Management \(formerly ESG\) with Watershed]]
- [[configure-metric-integrations|Modify the Operational Sustainability Integration with Watershed]]
- [[create-data-mapping|Create data mapping]]
- [[create-an-entity-mapping|Create a record identifier in an entity]]
- [[load-data-from-watershed|Load data from Watershed into Operational Sustainability Management]]
- [[view-and-verify-the-import-sets|View and verify the import sets]]
- [[create-a-transform-map|Create a transform map]]
- [[integrating-esg-management-with-urjanet|Integrating Operational Sustainability Management \(formerly ESG\) with Urjanet]]
- [[install-urjanet|Install Operational Sustainability Integration with Urjanet]]
- [[create-an-urjanet-connection|Create an Urjanet connection]]
- [[configure-entities-for-urjanet|Create an entity mapping for Urjanet]]
- [[create-metric-definition-mapping|Create a metric definition mapping]]
- [[configure-webhook|Generate Webhook URL]]
- [[import-data-from-urjanet|Import meter details from Urjanet]]
- [[load-historical-urjanet-data|Load historical Urjanet data]]
- [[integrate-esg-with-workday|Integrating Operational Sustainability Management \(formerly ESG\) with Workday]]
- [[workflow-of-esg-workday-integration|Workflow of Operational Sustainability Integration with Workday]]
- [[install-workday-esg|install workday esg]]
- [[create-a-workday-connection|Create a Workday connection]]
- [[activate-the-workday-reports|Activate the Workday reports]]
- [[generate-webhook-registry-username-pwd|Generate webhook registry username and password]]
- [[activate-the-metric-definitions|Activate the metric definitions to track data]]
- [[run-scheduled-jobs-for-workday-reports|Run the entity onboarding job for Workday reports]]
- [[run-workday-data-import-job|Run the Workday data import job]]
- [[run-workday-on-demand-job|Run the Workday on demand job]]
- [[integrate-esg-with-concur|Integrating Operational Sustainability Management \(formerly ESG\) with SAP Concur]]
- [[install-the-esg-integration-with-concur|Install the Operational Sustainability Integration with Concur]]
- [[activate-the-concur-md|Activate the SAP Concur metric definitions]]
- [[create-a-concur-connection|Create a connection for SAP concur event subscription service]]
- [[create-concur-webhook-registry|Create a SAP Concur webhook registry]]
- [[create-webhook-subscription|Create a webhook subscription]]
- [[run-entity-onboarding-job-for-concur|Run the entity onboarding job for SAP Concur]]
- [[run-sap-concur-trip-data-import-scheduled-job|Run SAP Concur trip data import scheduled job]]
- [[run-sap-concur-data-import-scheduled-job|Run SAP Concur data import scheduled job]]
- [[integrate-operational-sustainability-with-SocialSuite|Integrating Operational Sustainability Management with Socialsuite]]
- [[activate-operational-sustainability-integration-with-socialsuite|activate operational sustainability integration with socialsuite]]
- [[set-material-topic-selection-system-property|Set Material topic selection system property]]
- [[create-a-socialsuite-connection|Create a Socialsuite connection]]
- [[sync-material-topics-from-socialsuite|Sync material topics from Socialsuite]]
- [[esg-analytics-reporting|Overview pages in the Operational Sustainability Workspace \(formerly ESG Workspace\)]]
- [[goals-overview-page|Goals overview in the Operational Sustainability Workspace \(formerly ESG Workspace\)]]
- [[disclosure-overview-esg-workspace|Disclosure overview in the Operational Sustainability Workspace \(formerly ESG Workspace\)]]
- [[reference-data-esg|Operational Sustainability Management \(formerly ESG\) reference]]
- [[components-installed-with-esg|components installed with esg]]
- [[tables-installed-with-goals|Roles installed with the Goal Framework]]
- [[esg-domain-separation|Domain separation and Operational Sustainability Management]]
- [[socialsuite-material-topic-fields|Socialsuite material topic fields]]
- [[socialsuite-import-log|Socialsuite import log]]
