---
title: Australia Better Together
locale: en-US
release: australia
bundle: btss
doc_type: toc
---

# Australia Better Together

- [[solutions-gallery|Solutions]] -- With Solutions, enhance the functionality of ServiceNow applications by using them in combination with each other.
  - [[adding-advanced-risk-assessment-to-your-projects|Improve visibility into organizational risk exposure with advanced project risk assessment]] -- With advanced risk assessment for your projects, you can easily identify if any projects pose potential organizational risks and quickly decide on mitigating actions. Combine project risk management with enterprise risk management and get better visibility into your organization's overall risk exposure.
  - [[service-operations|Automating and optimizing your services and operations using Service Operations Workspace]] -- You can expand services while reducing costs, delivering high-quality customer and employee experiences, and driving operational resilience. Use a single cloud platform that integrates IT processes such as incident, problem, and change with IT operations such as discovery, business service definitions, service mapping, and event management.
    - [[use-case-itom-risk-compliance-audit-mgmt|Case Study: Enhancing Risk, Compliance, and Audit Management with ITOM]] -- The use case demonstrates how ITOM integration streamlined risk, compliance, and audit management for a financial institution by providing real-time operational visibility, automation, and enhanced risk assessments.
  - [[esm-foundation|Enterprise Service Management Foundation]] -- Enterprise Service Management Foundation combines the Core Business Suite and the Simplified IT Service Management to deliver unified service experiences across IT, HR, finance, legal, workplace services, and procurement. The integrated solution streamlines service delivery and reduces administrative overhead for growing organizations.
  - [[using-ham-for-esg|Track the performance of your IT assets using Hardware Asset Management and Sustainable IT]] -- The Sustainable IT application enables you to effectively manage and monitor the emissions generated by your hardware assets. Additionally, it enables you to keep track of the energy consumption of your assets and their proper disposal after they reach the end of their lifespan.
  - [[better-tprm-slo|Minimize risk by assessing suppliers during the onboarding process]] -- With Risk Assessments Integration for Supplier Lifecycle Operations, you can identify and assess potential supplier risks when onboarding new suppliers.
  - [[use-ham-spo-for-po-creation|Enhancing the asset procurement experience using IT Asset Management (ITAM) and Sourcing and Procurement Operations (SPO)]] -- Integrating IT Asset Management (ITAM) with Sourcing and Procurement Operations (SPO) enhances the procurement process for service requests.

## Related

- [[solutions-gallery|Solutions]]
- [[adding-advanced-risk-assessment-to-your-projects|Improve visibility into organizational risk exposure with advanced project risk assessment]]
- [[service-operations|Automating and optimizing your services and operations using Service Operations Workspace]]
- [[use-case-itom-risk-compliance-audit-mgmt|use case itom risk compliance audit mgmt]]
- [[esm-foundation|Enterprise Service Management Foundation]]
- [[using-ham-for-esg|Track the performance of your IT assets using Hardware Asset Management and Sustainable IT]]
- [[better-tprm-slo|Minimize risk by assessing suppliers during the onboarding process]]
- [[use-ham-spo-for-po-creation|Enhancing the asset procurement experience using IT Asset Management \(ITAM\) and Sourcing and Procurement Operations \(SPO\)]]
