---
title: Australia Telecommunications, Media, and Technology
locale: en-US
release: australia
bundle: telmt
doc_type: toc
---

# Australia Telecommunications, Media, and Technology

- [[telecom-media-tech-landing|Telecommunications, Media, and Technology (TMT)]] -- The ServiceNow Telecommunications, Media, and Technology (TMT) unifies customer care, order management, network operations, and partner ecosystems on one AI-powered platform to modernize service provider operations.
  - [[tsm-about|Telecommunications Service Management (TSM)]] -- Telecommunications Service Management (TSM) unites customer service and network operations on a single AI-powered platform, enabling communication service providers to resolve issues faster, reduce costs, and improve customer satisfaction.
  - [[tpsm-about|Technology Provider Service Management (TPSM)]] -- Technology Provider Service Management (TPSM) intelligently automates work to reduce contact center volumes, supercharge agent productivity, and maximize customer lifetime value. TPSM embeds continuous AI innovation into workflows, making it easy for technology providers to extend AI to as-a-service business models while accelerating value and reducing costs.
  - [[cspm-landing-page|Customer Service Problem Management]] -- Efficiently identify and resolve service problems experienced by the customers with the ServiceNow Customer Service Problem Management (CSPM) application. Technology, media, and telecommunications (TMT) service providers can streamline their service management processes and ensure a seamless experience for their customers by leveraging this application.
    - [[explore-spm|Explore]] -- Learn how you, as a service provider, can use the Customer Service Problem Management (CSPM) application to streamline the resolution process for handling service-related problems experienced by your customers.
      - [[spm-data-model|Data model]] -- Customer Service Problem Management (CSPM) provides a framework that enables you to follow a structured approach to handle and resolve customer-reported issues. The framework ensures a seamless and satisfactory customer experience.
      - [[alternative-dispute-resolution|Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR)]] -- Use the Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) case to resolve customer disputes efficiently while confirming transparency, accountability, and regulatory conformance.
    - [[configuring-spm|Configure]] -- With Customer Service Problem Management (CSPM) define the tests to diagnose the service problems. Implement targeted solutions based on test results to resolve those problems.
      - [[install-spm|Activate]] -- Activate the Customer Service Problem Management plugin (sn_sprb_mgmt) for Customer Service Problem Management if you have the admin role. If the application does NOT include demo data or it does NOT install related applications and plugins, delete or revise the following sentence:The application includes demo data and activate related ServiceNow Store applications and plugins if they aren't already installed.
    - [[cspm-integrate-southbound|Integrate]] -- If you have a Customer Service Problem Management subscription, you can submit outbound service test run requests to various external systems by integrating the Customer Service Problem Management application with the external southbound systems.
    - [[using-spm|Use]] -- By using Customer Service Problem Management, you can help diagnose and resolve the service problem cases identified in customer complaints.
      - [[create-service-problem-case|Create a service problem case from the workspace]] -- Create a service problem case for a customer raised issue so that an agent can work on it and resolve the service-related problem.
      - [[create-a-product-case-from-the-customer-service-portal|Create a case from Customer Service Portal]] -- Customers can create a service problem case to report an issue about the service from the Customer Service Portal.
      - [[work-on-service-problem-case|Diagnose and resolve a service problem case]] -- As a customer service agent, review, diagnose, resolve, and close a service problem case for the service-related issue experienced by the customer.
      - [[use-alternative-dispute-resolution-case|ADR]] -- Use the Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) case to resolve escalated customer disputes efficiently.
        - [[view-adr-case|View ADR record]] -- View the details of an Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) case record in the CSM/FSM Configurable Workspace so that you can review the complete ADR case information.
        - [[create-adr-case-record|Create ADR record]] -- Create an Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) case record in the CSM/FSm Configurable Workspace so that you can investigate and resolve an escalated complaint.
    - [[cspm-reference|Reference]] -- Reference topics provide additional information about Customer Service Problem Management.
      - [[spm-components|Components]] -- Several types of components are installed with activation of the Customer Service Problem Management application, including tables, user roles, and business rules.
      - [[cspm-properties|Properties]] -- Customer Service Problem Management uses the following system properties, which are located in the System Properties [sys_properties] table.
      - [[domain-separation-cspm|Domain Separation]] -- Domain separation provides a structured and efficient way to manage complex, multi-tiered organizational environments. It enables tailored access and control, ensuring that users see only the data relevant to their domain, enhancing security and efficiency.
      - [[capture-initiator-details-form|Capture initiator details form]] -- The Capture initiator details form enables you to collect the complaint requester details for an Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) case.
      - [[capture-adr-information-form|Capture ADR information form]] -- The Capture initiator details form enables you to collect the escalated complaint details for an Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) case.
      - [[glossary-customer-service-problem-management|Glossary Customer Service Problem Management]] -- Learn about the terms and concepts that are unique to Customer Service Problem Management.
        - [C](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/glossary-customer-service-problem-management.md) -- Learn about the terms and concepts that are unique to Customer Service Problem Management.
          - [configuration item (CI)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/glossary-customer-service-problem-management.md) -- Learn about the terms and concepts that are unique to Customer Service Problem Management.
        - [D](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/glossary-customer-service-problem-management.md) -- Learn about the terms and concepts that are unique to Customer Service Problem Management.
          - [Diagnostic task](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/glossary-customer-service-problem-management.md) -- Learn about the terms and concepts that are unique to Customer Service Problem Management.
        - [M](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/glossary-customer-service-problem-management.md) -- Learn about the terms and concepts that are unique to Customer Service Problem Management.
          - [Measure consequence](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/glossary-customer-service-problem-management.md) -- Learn about the terms and concepts that are unique to Customer Service Problem Management.
        - [N](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/glossary-customer-service-problem-management.md) -- Learn about the terms and concepts that are unique to Customer Service Problem Management.
          - [Northbound API](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/glossary-customer-service-problem-management.md) -- Learn about the terms and concepts that are unique to Customer Service Problem Management.
        - [R](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/glossary-customer-service-problem-management.md) -- Learn about the terms and concepts that are unique to Customer Service Problem Management.
          - [Resolution task](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/glossary-customer-service-problem-management.md) -- Learn about the terms and concepts that are unique to Customer Service Problem Management.
        - [S](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/glossary-customer-service-problem-management.md) -- Learn about the terms and concepts that are unique to Customer Service Problem Management.
          - [Service problem case](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/glossary-customer-service-problem-management.md) -- Learn about the terms and concepts that are unique to Customer Service Problem Management.
          - [Glossary Customer Service Problem Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/glossary-customer-service-problem-management.md) -- Learn about the terms and concepts that are unique to Customer Service Problem Management.
        - [T](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/glossary-customer-service-problem-management.md) -- Learn about the terms and concepts that are unique to Customer Service Problem Management.
          - [Test group](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/glossary-customer-service-problem-management.md) -- Learn about the terms and concepts that are unique to Customer Service Problem Management.
          - [Test definition](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/glossary-customer-service-problem-management.md) -- Learn about the terms and concepts that are unique to Customer Service Problem Management.
          - [Test measure definition](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/glossary-customer-service-problem-management.md) -- Learn about the terms and concepts that are unique to Customer Service Problem Management.
          - [Threshold rule](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/glossary-customer-service-problem-management.md) -- Learn about the terms and concepts that are unique to Customer Service Problem Management.
  - [[account-lifecycle-events-landing|Customer Success Management]] -- The ServiceNow Customer Success Management application enables service providers to streamline, automate, and measure critical workflows across the entire enterprise customer journey—from onboarding and adoption to renewals.
  - [Field Service Management for Telecommunications](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/field-service-management-for-telecommunications/field-service-management-telecommunications.md) -- The ServiceNow [[field-service-management-telecommunications|Field Service Management for Telecommunications]] (FSMT) application enables you to manage the field service workflow for the telecommunications customers. Use this application to streamline the appointment booking, service delivery, and assurance processes.
    - [Manage appointments for telecommunication services](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/field-service-management-for-telecommunications/manage-appointment-telecommunication-service.md) -- Manage the appointments for the field services to enable the installation, activation, and site assessments that are needed for connectivity services.
    - [Manage work orders for telecommunication services](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/field-service-management-for-telecommunications/managing-work-order-telecommunication-service.md) -- Manage the work orders for the field services to support the installation, activation, and site assessments that are needed for connectivity services.
  - [[somt-now-assist|Now Assist for Sales CRM for Telecommunications]] -- Use the ServiceNow Now Assist for Sales CRM for Telecommunications application to automate enrichment and fulfillment tasks. This helps customers introduce new offerings without the need to build complex subflows. These AI Agents automatically suggest new tasks based on similarities with previous orders and also provide flexibility by auto-correcting the agent’s inputs related to new tasks.
    - [[now-assist-somt-explore|Explore]] -- With the Now Assist for Sales CRM for Telecommunications application, you can use standalone AI agents to create a customer move order capture journey, create enrichment tasks, identify the tasks required for domain orders by using historical data from similar orders.
    - [[using-aiagents-somt|Use agentic workflows]] -- Use the Now Assist for Sales CRM for Telecommunications to complete tasks autonomously.
      - [[standalone-agents-somt|Standalone AI agents]] -- Use these standalone AI agents to autonomously complete Sales CRM for Telecommunications tasks.
        - [[now-assist-move-order-somt|Move order voice AI agent]] -- Use this agent to automatically create a customer move order capture journey.
        - [[order-enrichment-agent-somt|Order enrichment AI agent]] -- Use the order enrichment AI agent to collect customer order information, identify if the order needs enrichment, and create enrichment tasks.
          - [[activate-group-action-framework-somt|Activate Group Action Framework]] -- Activate the Group Action Framework (GAF) to enable Now Assist AI agents to collect information about the related records across your instance.
        - [[order-fulfillment-agent-somt|Order fulfillment AI agent]] -- Use the order fulfillment AI agent to identify the tasks required for domain orders by using historical data from similar orders.
        - [[now-assist-order-fallout-somt|Order fallout AI agent]] -- Use the AI agent to automatically create the fallout records based on reported issues on the task's notes.
        - [[now-assist-task-template-generation-somt|Image to task plan template AI agent]] -- Use the AI agent to create a task plan template for a given specification based on the uploaded image file.
  - [Now Assist for TMT](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-spmc.md) -- Use the ServiceNow Now Assist for Telecommunications, Media and Technology (TMT) application to summarize service problem cases, account onboarding cases, engagements, touchpoints, generate the case resolution notes, and summarize tests. You can enable your agents to understand the case context and test results so that they can propose quicker resolutions to your customers. Additionally, you can automate transformation mapping between provider and consumer instances in Service Exchange.
    - [Explore](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-exploring.md) -- With the Now Assist for Telecommunications, Media and Technology (TMT) application, your agents can use generative AI to summarize service problem cases, account onboarding cases, engagements, touchpoints, internal plays, customer plays, successive initiatives, tests, risk signal and issues, and generate resolution notes. Additionally, you can automate transformation mapping between provider and consumer instances in Service Exchange.
      - [Supporting information](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-supporting-info.md) -- Get a quick overview of the important information that is related to the Now Assist for Now Assist for Telecommunications, Media and Technology (TMT).
    - [Configure](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-configuring.md) -- Configure the Now Assist for Telecommunications, Media and Technology (TMT) application so that your agents can use the generative AI skills in the CSM/FSM Configurable Workspace and in Core UI.
      - [Skill inputs](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-skill-inputs.md) -- Use inputs for each skill to configure how and when a skill is used.
      - [Banners](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-banners.md) -- Banners display information about generative AI skills and the form fields that are generated or predicted by those skills.
      - [Customize a skill](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-customize.md) -- If you have the admin role, you can customize a Now Assist for Telecommunications, Media and Technology (TMT) skill so that agents can use the generative AI skills in CSM Configurable Workspace and in Core UI.
      - [Configure Service Exchange](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-configuring-servicebridge.md) -- Configure the Now Assist for Telecommunications, Media and Technology (TMT) application so that enterprise providers can use the Service Exchange Mapping Assist feature in the Core UI.
      - [Configure the graph questionnaire](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-configure-graph-questionnaire.md) -- Configure the graph questionnaire to add or modify the new queries to retrieve the knowledge graph data.
    - [Use agentic workflows](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/using-aiagents-usecases.md) -- Use the Now Assist for TMT agentic workflows to complete tasks autonomously.
      - [Customer Service Problem Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-customer-service-problem-management.md) -- The [[now-assist-tmt-customer-service-problem-management|Customer Service Problem Management agentic workflows]] are used to resolve broadband, internet issues, and incidents, helping customer agents to resolve network tickets by tracking them and creating an actionable task, and handle the billing inquiry case requests.
        - [Preliminary troubleshooter](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-preliminary-troubleshooter-agentic-workflow.md) -- Use the [[now-assist-tmt-preliminary-troubleshooter-agentic-workflow|preliminary troubleshooter agentic workflow]] to resolve broadband and internet issues.
        - [Service test and repair](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-service-test-repair-agentic-workflow.md) -- Use the service test and repair agentic workflow to run the test groups that are mapped to a task.
        - [Help remediate bill issues](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/billissue-remediation-usecase.md) -- Use the Help remediate bill issues agentic workflow to handle the billing inquiry case requests and recommend better plans based on the customer usage.
          - [Spoke selector for external systems](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/configure-spoke-selector-for-external-systems.md) -- Configure the spoke selector for Aria to enable the configuration and execution of billing requests.
        - [Analyze network incidents](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/network-incident-analysis-usecase.md) -- Use the Analyze network incidents agentic workflow to resolve incidents, helping customer agents to resolve network tickets by tracking them and creating an actionable task.
          - [Activate Group Action Framework](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/activate-group-action-framework.md) -- Activate Group Action Framework (GAF) to enable Now Assist AI agents to collect information about the related records across your instance.
        - [Customer voice quality resolution](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-customer-voice.md) -- Use this agentic workflow to resolve customer voice quality issues.
      - [Customer Success Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-health-risk.md) -- The Customer Success agentic workflows are used to collect health data, monitor the engagement health score, analyze risks, support renewals, and schedule touchpoint meetings.
        - [Monitor engagement health](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-monitor-health.md) -- Use the Monitor engagement health agentic workflow to monitor the health score of engagements and their associated metric data trends, and generate risk signals when a decline is detected.
        - [Recommend risk signal solutions](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-resolve-risk.md) -- Use the Analyze risk and recommend solutions agentic workflow to monitor and mitigate risks in customer engagements with minimal user intervention.
        - [Trigger risk mitigation touchpoint](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-touchpoint-meeting-scheduler.md) -- Use the Trigger risk mitigation touchpoint agentic workflow to schedule and edit a touchpoint meeting for a specific user.
        - [Support renewals and expansion](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-renewal-analyzer.md) -- Assess engagements and contracts due for renewal, analyze trends, and recommend renewal strategies.
        - [Squad resource identifier](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-squad-resource-identifier.md) -- Use a squad resource identifier agentic workflow to identify and recommend internal experts based on record under consideration, skill set, region, and real-time availability.
        - [Product release email communication](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-product-release-email-communication.md) -- Use the product release email communication agentic workflow to automatically draft, refine, and distribute the release announcement emails to designated recipients by retrieving the most recent product release information.
      - [Service Exchange onboarding](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-register-consumer-users-sb.md) -- Use the Service Exchange onboarding agentic workflow to register your consumers in Service Exchange.
    - [Use generative AI skills](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-spm-using.md) -- If you have an agent role, you can summarize service problem cases, technology product support cases, product inventory, account onboarding cases, touchpoints, engagements, internal plays, customer plays, success initiatives, and automate transforms with the Now Assist for TMT application.
      - [Summarize the linked records](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-summarize-linked-record.md) -- Generate a comprehensive summary of the service problem case records that you have linked on the Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) case. Quickly understand case details linked to a customer complaint using the comprehensive summary of linked records skill in the Now Assist for TMT application.
      - [Generate a deadlock letter](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-generate-deadlock-letter.md) -- Generate a deadlock letter for Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) case. Quickly create the details of the deadlock letter by using the deadlock letter draft generation skill in the Now Assist for TMT application.
      - [Generate ADR resolution notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-generate-resolution-notes-ad.md) -- Generate the resolution notes for an Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) case by using the resolution notes generation for ADR skill in the Now Assist for TMT application.
      - [Analyze the sentiment of a service problem case](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-analyze-sentiment-spc-adr.md) -- Generates the requester's sentiment and the reasoning behind it on the complaint cases in the Now Assist for TMT application. Make informed decisions on complaint cases based on sentiment to link the cases on the Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) case record.
      - [Summarize a service problem case](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-summarize-case.md) -- Generate a summary from the fields that you selected on the service problem case record. Quickly understand the case context by using the service problem case summarization skill in the Now Assist for TMT application.
      - [Generate problem case resolution notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-generate-resolution.md) -- Generate the resolution notes for a service problem case by using the resolution notes generation skill in the Now Assist for TMT application.
      - [Generate a knowledge article](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-generate-knowledge-article.md) -- Generate the knowledge articles for resolved and closed cases within the CSM Configurable Workspace and classic environment with Now Assist.
      - [Summarize a service problem case](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-summarize-test.md) -- Generate the test run summary for a service problem case record to quickly understand the context of test outcomes and the root cause of the problem.
      - [Summarize a tech product support case](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-summarize-tech-support-case.md) -- Generate the test run summary for a technology product support case record to understand the context of test outcomes and the root cause of the problem.
      - [Generate product inventory summary](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-summarize-knowledge-graph.md) -- Summarize the service details mentioning the current situation, any critical actions to be taken and find the root cause indicators using the knowledge graph and service summary skill.
        - [Create a Knowledge graph schema](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-create-knowledge-graph.md) -- Use the Knowledge Graph (KG) to create Knowledge Graph schema.
        - [Customize a summary card for service summary](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/customize-uib-builder-service-summary.md) -- Customize the summary card of the service summary and UI actions according to your needs.
      - [Request generative AI capabilities](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/request-genai-in-tmt.md) -- Request the contextual generative AI capabilities by using the conversational interface in the Now Assist panel. These capabilities include service problem case summary or resolution notes in the TMT application.
      - [Summarize an account onboarding case](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-summarize-onboard-case.md) -- Generate a summary from the fields that you selected on the account onboarding case record. Quickly understand the case context by using the account onboarding case summarization skill in the Now Assist for TMT application.
      - [Summarize an engagement](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-summarize-engagement.md) -- Generate a summary from the fields you select on the engagement record. Get up to speed on success initiatives, outcomes, risks, and internal plays associated with an engagement.
      - [Summarize a touchpoint](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-summarize-touchpoint.md) -- Generate a summary from the fields you select on the touchpoint record. Get a quick summary of all the meetings and emails exchanged between different stakeholders and any follow up activities.
      - [Summarize an internal play](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-summarize-plays.md) -- Generate a summary from a internal play record and all associated internal play tasks.
      - [Summarize a customer play](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-summarize-success-play.md) -- Generate a summary from a customer play record and all associated customer play tasks.
      - [Summarize a success initiative](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-summarize-success-init.md) -- Generate a summary from a success initiative record and all associated success tasks.
      - [Summarize a risk signal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-summarize-risk-signals-issues.md) -- Generates a summary from a risk signal and issues summarization record and all associated tasks.
      - [Draft close notes for a risk signal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/draft-risk-close-notes.md) -- Automatically generate closure notes and close eligible risk signals at the end of each day based on the status of their associated risk solutions.
      - [Create touchpoints and meeting records](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-email-template.md) -- Send the email to instance to create the touchpoint and meeting records directly from the inbound email using Now Assist for Telecommunications, Media and Technology (TMT).
      - [Analyze metric data trend](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-analyze-metric-trend.md) -- Retrieves and analyzes health metric data for an engagement.
      - [Generate a product adoption roadmap](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-generate-par-roadmap.md) -- Generate a product adoption roadmap with products or capabilities organized into lanes based on engagement data and insights from similar engagements.
      - [Renewal insight engine skill](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/renewal-insight.md) -- Analyzes the renewal likelihood and expansion potential of an engagement or contract and generates recommended actions.
      - [Automate transforms](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-generate-transform-maps.md) -- Use the Now Assist for TMT Transform Mapping Assist feature to automatically transform inbound and outbound data between provider and consumer tables.
      - [Generate Telecom customer 360 insights](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/c360-ai-insights.md) -- Generate customer health insights and recent customer issue insights for a customer or consumer account.
      - [Generate summary for remote hands case record](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/generate-summary-for-remote-hands-case-record.md) -- Remote Hands Request Summarization is a capability that generates a contextual summary of a Remote Hands case by combining current case data with insights from similar historical cases, using information submitted by the DCIM user through the CSM portal.
      - [Using adaptive desktop actions for Customer Experimentation](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-adaptive-desktop-actions.md) -- Use adaptive desktop actions in Customer Success Management to test prompt-driven models on your workflows.
  - [[assurance-workflows|Product Support for Technology]] -- ServiceNow Product Support for Technology provide a way for telecommunications, media, and technology (TMT) service providers to deliver end-to-end support, while understanding customer impact, and offering transparent communication to all parties involved in the support process.
  - [[somt|Sales Customer Relationship Management for Telecommunications]] -- The ServiceNow Sales CRM for Telecommunications enables to unify your sales, fulfillment, and service operations on one platform.
    - [[sales-order-management-telecommunications|Explore]] -- Learn how the ServiceNow Sales CRM for Telecommunications application can help your organization manage the sales-to-fulfillment cycle for your customers. By adopting an integrated approach to quoting, ordering, and service delivery, you can increase operational efficiency and improve your customer experience.
      - [[somt-workflow|Workflow]] -- The Sales CRM for Telecommunications workflow shows the end-to-end process for managing sales orders, from initial prospect identification through order closure.
      - [[somt-func-arch|Architecture]] -- Sales CRM for Telecommunications is a comprehensive order management solution designed specifically for telecommunications service providers. Sales CRM for Telecommunications serves as a critical orchestration layer within the larger telecommunications ecosystem, integrating with key systems to manage the complete journey from prospect identification to service activation.
      - [[somt-psr-catalog|PSR catalog]] -- The Sales CRM for Telecommunications Product, Service, and Resource (PSR) catalog is a unified catalog that defines all required entities in a single location, based on the TM Forum (TMF) Shared Information and Data (SID) model.
      - [[somt-map-sid-catalog|Map PSR catalog to TMF SID]] -- The Sales CRM for Telecommunications PSR catalog entities, product offering, product specification, customer facing service specification, resource facing service specification, and resource specification map directly to the corresponding entities in the TM Forum (TMF) shared information and data (SID) model.
    - [[configure-somt|Configure]] -- Set up the Sales CRM for Telecommunications application so that your agents can work on various stages of the product sales life cycle, such as sales opportunities, quotes, order capture and fulfillment, contracts and entitlements, and also the basic product catalog and pricing features used by each application.
      - [[activate-somt|Activate]] -- Activate the Sales CRM for Telecommunications plugin for Sales CRM for Telecommunications if you have the admin role. The application includes demo data and activate related ServiceNow Store applications and plugins if they aren't already installed.
      - [[configuring-product-offerings-catalog|Product offerings and catalogs]] -- Create product offerings and the associated product catalogs that can be used by Sales Customer Relationship Management agents for pre-sales activities, order capture, and post-sales engagement.
        - [[create-resource-specifications|Resource specifications]] -- Create and publish a base version of a resource specification to define all the resource options for a customer-facing product that you sell and to designate how to fulfill these options.
        - [[create-service-specification|Service specifications]] -- Create and publish a base version of a service specification. A service specification defines all the service options that apply to a customer-facing product you sell, and designates how to fulfill these options.
        - [[create-product-specifications|Product specifications]] -- Create and publish a base version of a product specification. A product specification defines all the product options that apply to a customer-facing product you sell, and designates how to fulfill these options. It contains information such as the product description, pricing, eligibility, and product options.
        - [[defining-attribute-mapping-somt|Defining attribute mapping]] -- By defining attribute-mapping rules between two specifications in the product catalog, your fulfillment agents can access all relevant characteristic values in your product, service, and resource orders.
          - [[domain-order-attribute-somt|Domain order]] -- Create rules-driven attribute mappings to define the relationships and associations between and among product, service, and resource specifications, and how attribute values propagate between these mappings.
          - [[create-specification-relationships-somt|Specification relationships and decomposition]] -- Create the specification relationships and optional decomposition rules that define the associations between the product, service, and resource specifications for a product that you offer. These relationships impact how an order is fulfilled for a customer.
        - [[configure-compatibility-rules-somt|Configuring compatibility rules]] -- As a provider, you can use compatibility rules to establish horizontal relationships between the specifications of multiple products, services, or resources.
          - [[create-compatibility-rules|Create compatibility rule]] -- Create a compatibility rule in the product catalog to define the horizontal relationships between your product, service, and resource specifications.
            - [[order-mgt-define-source-specifications|Define source specifications]] -- Define a source specification in a compatibility rule so that you can create a horizontal relationship in your product catalog.
        - [[create-product-offerings-somt|Product offerings]] -- Create and publish versioned product offerings to a product catalog so that you can define how you sell your products to your customers.
        - [[create-product-catalog-somt|Product catalog]] -- Create a product catalog to add your product offerings. As a provider, you can use the product catalog to define how you want to sell products to your customers.
        - [[creating-publish-specification-versions-somt|Specification versions]] -- As a product catalog manager, you can create and publish the specification versions that list the improved products and services that you can offer to your customers in a technical product catalog.
          - [[create-publish-new-specification-somt|Create specification version]] -- Create and publish a version of an existing specification in a Published state so that you can offer an improved version of it to your customers in your product catalog.
        - [[creating-publishing-product-offering-somt|Product offering versions]] -- As a product catalog manager, you can create and publish the product offering versions that list the improved products and services that you can offer to your customers in a product catalog.
          - [[create-publish-product-offering-version-somt|Create product offering version]] -- Create and publish a version of an existing product offering in a Published state so that you can offer an improved version of it in your product catalog.
        - [[retiring-archiving-specifications-somt|Retire or archive versions]] -- As a product catalog manager, you can move a published specification or a product offering to a Retired or Archived state when they are no longer in use or are being sold. When you retire a specification version, you can't use it in a product offering or create specification versions.
          - [[retire-archiving-specifications-somt|Retire or archive specification]] -- Move a published specification version to a Retired or Archived state when the version is no longer in use or being sold to your customers. When you retire a specification version, you can't use it in a product offering or create a specification version.
          - [[retire-archive-product-offering-somt|Retire or archive product offering]] -- Move a published product offering version to a Retired or Archived state when it is no longer in use or being sold to your customers. When you retire a product offering version, you can't use it in a product catalog.
          - [[create-publish-template-somt|Create and publish template]] -- Create and publish a template so that you can define the 5G network services for your organization.
          - [[retire-archive-template-somt|Retire or archive]] -- Move a published slice template to a Retired or Archived state when the template is no longer in use. When you retire a template, you can't use it in a service specification.
      - [[order-mgt-configuring-customers|Configure for Service Exchange consumers]] -- As a customer, you must complete some configuration tasks so that you can set up the Order Management application.
      - [[order-mgt-priority-management|Order priority and routing]] -- As a provider, you can configure various parameters to prioritize and route orders to ensure that they are fulfilled on time.
        - [[order-mgmt-priority-calculate|Calculate order priority]] -- Order priority is calculated based on the rank defined in the decision table and the weightage assigned to each table.
          - [[order-mgt-priority-recalculate|Recalculate order priority]] -- Manually update the priority field on customer order, order line items, domain orders, and order task forms.
          - [[order-mgt-priority-awa|Priority-based order routing]] -- AWA can be used to automatically route customer orders based on priority to specific agent categories.
      - [[order-mgt-integrate-southbound|Integration with southbound systems]] -- If you have a Telecommunications Service Management subscription, you can submit outbound service order requests to various external systems by integrating the Order Management application with the external southbound systems.
      - [[somt-flow-action-catalog-task|Task plan template]] -- Use the task plan template to define tasks and their dependencies that are needed to orchestrate the fulfillment journey for a product to standardize fulfillment processes across products.
        - [[configure-task-plan-template|Configure task plan template]] -- Configure the task plan template to add conditions to a template item that determines when a template item is applicable for domain orders.
    - [[using-somt|Use]] -- As agents and managers, you use the CSM Configurable Workspace to complete various tasks when using the Sales CRM for Telecommunications applications.
      - [[order-mgt-fulfillment-processing|Customer orders]] -- Learn how your organization can use the Order Management application to fulfill customer orders.OM revamp project - This topic has been removed from SOM bundle on Oct 14, 2025.
        - [[approve-reject-customer-order-fulfillment|Approve or reject a customer order]] -- Select a customer order, and review the account, contact, pricing, and date details to make sure that the order is correct and complete. If you're an order fulfillment manager, can approve or reject a customer order with a New state for fulfillment.OM revamp project - This topic is obsolete and has been removed from the SOM bundle on Oct 6, 2025. The content has been covered in the new approve/reject topics.
          - [[restructured-order-mgt-tables-san-diego|Order management tables]] -- The table architecture that supports the Order Management for Telecommunications, Media, and Technology application has been restructured. Existing customers who upgraded from earlier releases to the San Diego release must first run a Post upgrade Script to reparent the order tables and then perform column promotions.OM revamp project - This topic is obsolete and has been removed from the SOM bundle on Oct 27, 2025.
          - [[sales-crm-sold-product|Sold product creation]] -- Learn how the Order Management application creates and maintains the customer product and service inventory. By using this application, you can maintain an accurate inventory of your customer products and services.
          - [[sales-crm-order-decomposition|Order decomposition]] -- Order decomposition is the process of breaking down an approved customer or service order into a set of smaller, manageable domain orders for fulfillment. This process is driven by definitions in the product catalog to ensure that all necessary components are provisioned correctly. Learn about the decomposition process for customer and service order and their differences.
      - [[order-mgt-revise-outbound-request|Outbound service order request]] -- As a provider, revise the outbound request that was previously created for a service order by using the Order Management for Telecommunications, Media, and Technology application. This way, you can share any inflight order changes with the external systems during the order fulfillment process.OM revamp project - unable to validate this task against the UI.
      - [[fields-service-order-management-workspace|Service order management]] -- The Service Order Management workspace form enables you to select service orders for review and modification.OM revamp project - This topic is obsolete and has been removed from the SOM bundle on Oct 28, 2025.
      - [[service-order-mgt-fulfilling-service-orders|Managing service orders]] -- Service Order Management (SOM) is a domain of order management that is responsible for the end-to-end life cycle of service requests. Learn how service orders are captured Order Management, and how your fulfillment managers and agents review, orchestrate, and fulfill them.OM revamp project - This topic has been removed from the SOM bundle on Oct 7, 2025. The viable content has been moved to newer topics.
      - [[order-capture-overview-service-orders|Services, service changes, or disconnects]] -- With Order Capture, your service agents can directly enter multi-site service orders with one or more services on behalf of your customers. They can also manually create service change requests and disconnect orders in the ServiceNow AI Platform. Order Capture is supported in the San Diego release and later releases.OM revamp project - This topic is redundant and obsolete. The content is covered in the newly created topics. This topic has been removed from the SOM bundle on OCt 6, 2025.
        - [[order-capture-create-service-order|Create a service order]] -- As a provider, use Order Capture to create a service order in the ServiceNow AI Platform for your consumers or internal personnel.OM revamp project - This topic is redundant and obsolete and has been removed from the SOM bundle on Oct 6, 2025.
        - [[order-capture-change-service-order|Change a inventory record]] -- As a provider, learn how to change a service order inventory record in the ServiceNow AI Platform for your consumers.OM revamp project - This topic has been removed from the SOM bundle on Oct 14, 2025. Content has been covered in the new create-macd-orders.dita topic.
        - [[order-capture-disconnect-service-order|Disconnect a service]] -- As a provider, disconnect a service, or service order, in the ServiceNow AI Platform for your customers. For example, you might want to disconnect your current 4G connectivity to upgrade it to 5G connectivity.OM revamp project - This topic has been removed from the SOM bundle on Oct 14, 2025. Content has been covered in the new create-macd-orders.dita topic.
      - [[service-order-mgt-review-approve-service-orders|Service orders for fulfillment]] -- Learn how your order fulfillment manager can review service orders for fulfillment by using the Order Management application. With this application, you can make sure that your service orders are fulfilled correctly.OM revamp project - This topic is obsolete and has been removed from the SOM bundle on Oct 7, 2025.
        - [[service-order-mgt-review-service-order-detail|Service order]] -- Review the account, contact, pricing, and date details on a telecommunications service order to make sure that it is correct and complete. You can also revise or request a cancellation of the service order. OM revamp project - This topic has been removed from the SOM bundle on Oct 14, 2025.
        - [[review-update-selected-service-order|Review service order details]] -- Review the account, contact, dates, line items, and related details on the selected service order to make sure that everything is correct and complete. You perform these tasks in the same Customer Orders form that you use to review customer orders.OM revamp project - This topic is obsolete and has been removed from the SOM bundle on Oct 7, 2025.
          - [[service-order-mgt-review-service-order-line-related-detail|Line items and related details]] -- Review the line items and the related details of the selected service order to make sure that all line items and details are correct and complete. The related details include the service order line item characteristics and contacts.OM revamp project - This topic is obsolete and has been removed from the SOM bundle on Oct 7, 2025.
          - [[service-order-mgt-review-update-service-order-char-values|Characteristic values]] -- Review and update the characteristic option values that are associated with a service order to make sure that the customer's selections are correct.OM revamp project - This topic is obsolete and has been removed from the SOM bundle on Oct 7, 2025.
          - [[service-order-mgt-review-update-service-order-line-item-contacts|Contact details]] -- Review and update your customer's current contact information that is associated with a service order line item so that you can make sure that your customer's information is correct.OM revamp project - This topic is obsolete and has been removed from the SOM bundle on Oct 7, 2025.
      - [[service-order-mgt-fulfillment-processing|Approve and fulfill service orders]] -- Learn how your organization can perform post-approval service order fulfillment. By using this application, you can ensure that your service orders are fulfilled correctly.OM revamp project - This topic is obsolete and has been removed from the SOM bundle on Oct 7, 2025.
        - [[approve-reject-service-order-fulfillment|Service order for fulfillment]] -- Select a service order and review the account, contact, and date details to verify that the order is correct and complete. If you're a service order manager, you can approve or reject a service order with a New state for fulfillment.
          - [[service-order-mgt-sold-product-creation|Sold product creation for service orders]] -- Learn how to create and maintain the customer service inventory. By using the Order Management application, you can maintain an accurate information of your customer services.OM revamp project - This topic is obsolete and has been removed from the SOM bundle on Oct 14, 2025.
          - [[service-order-mgt-order-decomposition|Service order decomposition]] -- Learn how a service order is decomposed into its domain orders for fulfillment.OM content revamp - This topic has been removed from the SOM bundle. Common content that applies to both customer and service order has been moved to the order-,gt-order-decomposition.dita and order-decomposition-examples.dita topics.
        - [[service-order-mgt-review-service-orders|Review the domain service orders]] -- Review the domain service orders that were generated for a selected service order line item so that you can make sure that all the related details are correct and complete.OM revamp project - This topic is obsolete and has been removed from the SOM bundle on Oct 7, 2025.
          - [[service-order-mgt-review-update-service-order-product-specifications|Service specifications]] -- Review and update the service specifications for a service order line item so that you can make sure that the specifications are correct and complete. A service specification is a template that you can use to define, at a functional level, a product that a service provider sells to the customer.OM revamp project - This topic is obsolete and has been removed from the SOM bundle on Oct 7, 2025.
          - [[service-order-mgt-review-resource-orders|Domain resource orders]] -- Review the domain resource orders that were generated for a selected service order line item so that you can ensure that all the related details are correct and complete.OM revamp project - This topic is obsolete and has been removed from the SOM bundle on Oct 7, 2025.
        - [[service-order-mgt-service-order-tasks|Service order fulfillment tasks]] -- Review and update the fulfillment tasks that are associated with a service order, or order orchestration plan, so that you can make sure that all tasks are properly completed.OM content revamp project - This is a redundant topic and has been removed from the SOM bundle on Oct 9, 2025. A common topic for customer and service orders (order-mgt-customer-order-tasks.dita) has been preserved with combined content.
  - [[tmt-service-bridge-both-landing-page|Service Exchange]] -- ServiceNow Service Exchange connects multiple ServiceNow instances to provide seamless support and service experiences across the ecosystem, from enterprise customers to suppliers and system integrators. Service Exchange provides a frictionless experience that makes it easy to collaborate and process requests while giving users the convenience of working in their own ServiceNow instance.
  - [[stm-landing-page|Service Test Management]] -- Define tests, set measurable thresholds, and monitor real-time execution with accuracy using the ServiceNow Service Test Management application. Streamline your testing process to improve performance, ensure reliability, and deliver consistent results in every scenario.
    - [[setting-test-group|Setting up a test group]] -- Define tests for a particular service type, product model, or inventory to troubleshoot the service-related problems.
      - [[create-test-group|Create]] -- Create a test group to combine various tests that can assist in troubleshooting issues encountered by specific types of services or product models. For instance, grouping a speed test and a ping test together can effectively help in diagnosing internet-related problems.
      - [[define-relationship-test-group-specifications|Associate with a specification]] -- Establish a relationship between test groups and their respective specifications or product model to determine the tests that must be executed for a given inventory. This relationship confirms that the appropriate tests are identified and executed based on the defined specifications. Without this association, the system can’t accurately assign the necessary tests for each inventory item.
      - [[publish-test-groups|Publish]] -- Publish the test groups to ensure that agents only see the approved versions of test groups for execution. This also helps maintain consistency and control over both current and future test versions.
    - [[settingup-test-specifications|Setting up test definitions]] -- Define tests for a particular service type, product model, or inventory to troubleshoot the service-related problems.
      - [[create-test-specification|Create]] -- Create a test definition to define tests that can help troubleshoot a problem encountered by a particular type of service or product model. For example, use a speed test to troubleshoot the internet-related issues.
      - [[add-characterisitc-for-test-specification|Define a characteristic]] -- Add a characteristic for a test to determine the properties that are required to run and evaluate the test.
      - [[define-test-spec-relationship|Define the relationship]] -- Define relationships for a test definition to connect and associate it with other test specifications. This process ensures comprehensive testing coverage and that the tests are aligned with the testing goals.
      - [[specification-to-test-definition|Define the relationship with specifications]] -- Establish a relationship between test definitions and their respective specifications or product model to determine the tests that must be executed for a given inventory. This relationship ensures that the appropriate tests are identified and executed based on the defined specifications. Without this association, the system can’t accurately assign the necessary tests for each inventory item.
      - [[define-test-measure-spm|Define test measure definitions]] -- Define unique test metrics, such as parameters and criteria to run the test on a given service during testing. These metrics help promote that the service meets the desired standards and requirements to provide a satisfactory user experience.
      - [[define-threshold-rules|Define threshold rules]] -- Set rules or criteria to evaluate the results of test measures. These rules establish thresholds that determine the acceptable performance and quality metrics for a service under evaluation. If test measure results exceed or fall below these thresholds, it indicates a deviation from expected performance levels.
      - [[define-threshold-consequences-spm|Define measure consequences for the threshold rules]] -- Set actions or responses to trigger when the test measure results fall outside the predefined acceptable limits.
      - [[publish-test-specification-spm|Publish]] -- Publish the test definitions to ensure that agents only see the approved versions of test definitions for execution. This also helps maintain consistency and control over both current and future test versions.
  - [Strategic Portfolio Management for Telecommunications](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/strategic-portfolio-management-for-telecom/spmt-overview.md) -- The Strategic Portfolio Management for Telecom is a product that inherits all features of Strategic Portfolio Management along with the addition of two templates for Fiber Rollout and 5G Projects.
    - [SPMT Fiber rollout template](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/strategic-portfolio-management-for-telecom/spmt-fiber-rollout-template.md) -- This template describes the various tasks required for a fiber rollout.
  - [[c360-land-page|Telecommunications Customer 360]] -- The Telecommunications Customer 360 application provides a unified interface that aggregates data from multiple systems into a single platform. Telecommunications Customer 360 is a new application in the Australia release.
    - [[c360-overview|Explore]] -- Use the Telecommunications Customer 360 application to get a unified view of customer data including account details, interaction history, product inventory, and billing, and resolve issues faster from a single workspace.
    - [[c360-configure|Configure]] -- Setup and configure the Telecommunications Customer 360 application.
      - [[c360-activate|Activate]] -- If you have an admin role, you can activate the Telecommunications Customer 360 application. The Telecommunications Customer 360 (com.sn_telecom_c360) plugin is available as a separate subscription. The application includes the demo data and installations that are related to ServiceNow Store applications and plugins.
      - [[telecom-cust-360-landing|Setup]] -- Use the Telecom Customer 360 guided setup to configure the unified customer view for your organization. Complete the three setup tasks to define your cards and configure their data and settings. Verify the page layout before customer service agents use it.
        - [[c360-configure-variables|Configure variables]] -- Configure the properties for each card, such as data tables, query conditions, and display fields.
          - [[c360-configure-data-card|Data visualization group variables]] -- Configure the variables in the data visualization card.
          - [[c360-configure-contact-card|Contact card variables]] -- Configure the variables in the contact card.
          - [[c360-configure-billing-card|Billing card variables]] -- Configure the variables in the billing card.
          - [[c360-configure-insights-card|Insights card variables]] -- Configure the variables in the insights card.
          - [[c360-configure-products-card|Product card variables]] -- Configure the variables that control what data the products card displays and how users can search and filter sold products.
          - [[c360-configure-tasks-card|All tasks card variables]] -- Configure the variables in the all tasks card.
      - [[c360-use-extension-point|Extension points in Telecommunications Customer 360]] -- Use scripted extension points to configure the display of the cards on the Telecommunications Customer 360 consumer page.
      - [[c360-component|Telecommunications Customer 360 component]] -- Telecom Customer 360 is a UI Builder component that provides a comprehensive 360 degree view of a customer record in the CSM/FSM Configurable Workspace. You can embed this component as a tab on the record page of any customer record.
        - [[c360-add-component|Add the Telecom Customer 360 component to a record page]] -- Add the Telecom Customer 360 component to a record page in UI Builder so that customer service representatives can see the 360-degree consumer or account view in the context of the record they are working on.
        - [[c360-add-data-resource|Add the Setup Customer360 Context data resource]] -- Add the Setup Customer360 Context data resource to the record page to enable the Telecom Customer 360 component to display the correct consumer or account view.
    - [[c360-use|Use]] -- Use Telecommunications Customer 360 to view and manage customer information from a single view.
      - [[c360-home-page|Home page]] -- Telecommunications Customer 360 consolidates customer information, interaction history, products, and billing into a single view. The view displayed is based on the record type which can be account, consumer, or contact.
        - [[c360-insights-card|Insights card]] -- The card provides AI-generated customer health insights and recent customer issue insights for a consumer or a customer account.
        - [[c360-data-visual-card|Data visualization card]] -- The data visualization card provides key customer metrics with case breakdowns and customer satisfaction score.
        - [[c360-contact-card|Contact card]] -- The contact card displays the primary customer identification information for the account, consumer, or contact.
        - [[c360-inter-history-card|Customer history card]] -- This card displays recent customer activity associated with the account, consumer, or contact. Activity types include chat and phone interactions, as well as cases, contracts, work orders, and other activity types that you have configured.
        - [[c360-products-card|Products card]] -- The products card displays a list of all products associated with the account, consumer, or contact.
        - [[c360-billing-card|Billing card]] -- The billing card displays a list of the customer's billing accounts and invoices.
        - [[c360-tasks-card|All tasks card]] -- The All tasks card aggregates tasks from multiple configurable tables and displays them in a tabbed layout.
      - [[c360-view-inter-record|View interaction record]] -- Use this option to view and manage customer phone interaction records.
      - [[c360-recommendations|Recommendations panel]] -- The Recommendations panel displays Knowledge Base article suggestions and enables you to search for Knowledge Base articles and trigger agentic workflows.
  - [[telecom-network-inventory|Telecommunications Network Inventory]] -- With the ServiceNow Telecommunications Network Inventory application, you can build a digital representation of your physical and logical networks, and the services that are provisioned to your customers. This network inventory contains the assets, services, and the relationships that define the infrastructure of your telecommunications networks.
  - [[telecommunications-service-operations-management|Telecommunications Service Operations Management]] -- Learn how Telecommunications Service Operations Management (TSOM) empowers communication service providers (CSPs) to proactively monitor, analyze, and resolve network and service issues before they impact customers. Built on the ServiceNow AI Platform, TSOM delivers a unified operations view across distributed, multi-domain telecom environments, helping teams improve service availability, operational efficiency, and customer satisfaction.
  - [[tmt-api-reference|TMF APIs for TMT]] -- Get the details of ServiceNow implementation of TM Forum (TMF) APIs for Telecommunications, Media, and Technology (TMT) products.

## Related

- [[telecom-media-tech-landing|Telecommunications, Media, and Technology \(TMT\)]]
- [[tsm-about|Telecommunications Service Management \(TSM\)]]
- [[tpsm-about|Technology Provider Service Management \(TPSM\)]]
- [[cspm-landing-page|Customer Service Problem Management]]
- [[explore-spm|Exploring Customer Service Problem Management]]
- [[spm-data-model|Customer Service Problem Management data model]]
- [[alternative-dispute-resolution|Alternative dispute resolution management]]
- [[configuring-spm|Configuring Customer Service Problem Management]]
- [[install-spm|Activate Customer Service Problem Management]]
- [[cspm-integrate-southbound|Integrating Customer Service Problem Management with southbound external systems]]
- [[using-spm|Using Customer Service Problem Management]]
- [[create-service-problem-case|Create a service problem case from the workspace]]
- [[create-a-product-case-from-the-customer-service-portal|Create a service problem case in the Customer Service Portal]]
- [[work-on-service-problem-case|Diagnose and resolve a service problem case]]
- [[use-alternative-dispute-resolution-case|Using alternative dispute resolution case]]
- [[view-adr-case|View an Alternative Dispute Resolution case record]]
- [[create-adr-case-record|Create an Alternative Dispute Resolution case]]
- [[cspm-reference|Customer Service Problem Management reference]]
- [[spm-components|Components installed with Customer Service Problem Management]]
- [[cspm-properties|Customer Service Problem Management properties]]
- [[domain-separation-cspm|Domain Separation and Customer Service Problem Management]]
- [[capture-initiator-details-form|Capture initiator details form]]
- [[capture-adr-information-form|Capture ADR information form]]
- [[glossary-customer-service-problem-management|Glossary Customer Service Problem Management]]
- [[account-lifecycle-events-landing|Customer Success Management]]
- [[somt-now-assist|Now Assist for Sales CRM for Telecommunications]]
- [[now-assist-somt-explore|Exploring Now Assist for Sales CRM for Telecommunications]]
- [[using-aiagents-somt|Using agentic workflows in Now Assist for Sales CRM for Telecommunications]]
- [[standalone-agents-somt|Standalone agents in Sales CRM for Telecommunications]]
- [[now-assist-move-order-somt|Now Assist for Sales CRM for Telecommunications AI agent Move order voice AI agent]]
- [[order-enrichment-agent-somt|Now Assist for Sales CRM for Telecommunications AI agent collection order enrichment AI agent]]
- [[activate-group-action-framework-somt|Activate Group Action Framework for Now Assist for Sales CRM for Telecommunications]]
- [[order-fulfillment-agent-somt|Now Assist for Sales CRM for Telecommunications AI agent collection order fulfillment AI agent]]
- [[now-assist-order-fallout-somt|Now Assist for Sales CRM for Telecommunications AI agent Order fallout AI agent]]
- [[now-assist-task-template-generation-somt|Now Assist for Sales CRM for Telecommunications AI agent Image to task plan template AI agent]]
- [[assurance-workflows|Product Support for Technology]]
- [[somt|Sales Customer Relationship Management for Telecommunications]]
- [[sales-order-management-telecommunications|Exploring Sales CRM for Telecommunications]]
- [[somt-workflow|Sales CRM for Telecommunications workflow]]
- [[somt-func-arch|Sales CRM for Telecommunications functional architecture]]
- [[somt-psr-catalog|Sales CRM for Telecommunications PSR catalog]]
- [[somt-map-sid-catalog|Mapping of Sales CRM for Telecommunications PSR catalog to TMF SID]]
- [[configure-somt|Configuring Sales CRM for Telecommunications]]
- [[activate-somt|Activate Sales CRM for Telecommunications]]
- [[configuring-product-offerings-catalog|Configuring product offerings and catalogs]]
- [[create-resource-specifications|Create and publish resource specifications]]
- [[create-service-specification|Create and publish service specifications]]
- [[create-product-specifications|Create and publish product specifications]]
- [[defining-attribute-mapping-somt|Defining mappings for attribute value propagation to domain orders]]
- [[domain-order-attribute-somt|Define domain order attribute mappings]]
- [[create-specification-relationships-somt|Create specification relationships, quantity mapping, and decomposition rules for Sales CRM for Telecommunications]]
- [[configure-compatibility-rules-somt|Configuring compatibility rules for horizontal relationships]]
- [[create-compatibility-rules|Create a compatibility rule]]
- [[order-mgt-define-source-specifications|Define the source specifications in the compatibility rules]]
- [[create-product-offerings-somt|Create and publish your product offerings to a catalog]]
- [[create-product-catalog-somt|Create a product catalog]]
- [[creating-publish-specification-versions-somt|Creating and publishing specification versions]]
- [[create-publish-new-specification-somt|Create and publish a specification version]]
- [[creating-publishing-product-offering-somt|Creating and publishing product offering versions]]
- [[create-publish-product-offering-version-somt|Create and publish a product offering version]]
- [[retiring-archiving-specifications-somt|Retiring or archiving versioned specifications and product offerings]]
- [[retire-archiving-specifications-somt|Retire or archive a specification version]]
- [[retire-archive-product-offering-somt|Retire or archive a product offering version]]
- [[create-publish-template-somt|Create and publish a template]]
- [[retire-archive-template-somt|Retire or archive a template]]
- [[order-mgt-configuring-customers|Configuring Order Management for Service Exchange Consumers]]
- [[order-mgt-priority-management|Configuring order priority and routing]]
- [[order-mgmt-priority-calculate|Calculating the order priority]]
- [[order-mgt-priority-recalculate|Recalculating the order priority]]
- [[order-mgt-priority-awa|Order routing based on priority using Advanced Work Assignment]]
- [[order-mgt-integrate-southbound|Integrating Order Management with southbound external systems]]
- [[somt-flow-action-catalog-task|Task plan templates driven order fulfillment]]
- [[configure-task-plan-template|Configure the task plan template]]
- [[using-somt|Using Sales CRM for Telecommunications applications]]
- [[order-mgt-fulfillment-processing|Approving and fulfilling customer \(product\) orders]]
- [[approve-reject-customer-order-fulfillment|Approve or reject a customer order for fulfillment]]
- [[restructured-order-mgt-tables-san-diego|Restructured Order Management tables]]
- [[sales-crm-sold-product|Creation of sold product and product inventory records]]
- [[sales-crm-order-decomposition|Order decomposition]]
- [[order-mgt-revise-outbound-request|Revise an outbound request for the service order]]
- [[fields-service-order-management-workspace|Service Order Management workspace fields]]
- [[service-order-mgt-fulfilling-service-orders|Creating, reviewing, approving, and fulfilling service orders]]
- [[order-capture-overview-service-orders|Creating orders for services, service changes, or disconnects]]
- [[order-capture-create-service-order|Ordering a service]]
- [[order-capture-change-service-order|Change a service order inventory record]]
- [[order-capture-disconnect-service-order|Disconnect a service]]
- [[service-order-mgt-review-approve-service-orders|Reviewing service orders for fulfillment]]
- [[service-order-mgt-review-service-order-detail|Select, review, revise, or request cancellation of a service order]]
- [[review-update-selected-service-order|Reviewing service order details]]
- [[service-order-mgt-review-service-order-line-related-detail|Review the line items and related details for a service order]]
- [[service-order-mgt-review-update-service-order-char-values|Review and update the characteristic values on a service order]]
- [[service-order-mgt-review-update-service-order-line-item-contacts|Review and update the contacts for a service order line item]]
- [[service-order-mgt-fulfillment-processing|Approving and fulfilling service orders]]
- [[approve-reject-service-order-fulfillment|Approve or reject a service order for fulfillment]]
- [[service-order-mgt-sold-product-creation|Sold product creation for service orders]]
- [[service-order-mgt-order-decomposition|Service order decomposition]]
- [[service-order-mgt-review-service-orders|Reviewing the domain service orders that are associated with a service order line item]]
- [[service-order-mgt-review-update-service-order-product-specifications|Review and update the service specifications for a service order line item]]
- [[service-order-mgt-review-resource-orders|Review the domain resource orders that are associated with a service order]]
- [[service-order-mgt-service-order-tasks|Review and update the service order fulfillment tasks]]
- [[tmt-service-bridge-both-landing-page|Service Exchange]]
- [[stm-landing-page|Service Test Management]]
- [[setting-test-group|Setting up a test group]]
- [[create-test-group|Create a test group]]
- [[define-relationship-test-group-specifications|Associate a test group with a specification or product model]]
- [[publish-test-groups|Publish a test groups]]
- [[settingup-test-specifications|Setting up test definitions]]
- [[create-test-specification|Create a test definition]]
- [[add-characterisitc-for-test-specification|Define a characteristic for the test definition]]
- [[define-test-spec-relationship|Define the relationship between the test definitions]]
- [[specification-to-test-definition|Define test definition relationships with specifications]]
- [[define-test-measure-spm|Define test measure definitions for a service test]]
- [[define-threshold-rules|Define threshold rules for a test measure definition]]
- [[define-threshold-consequences-spm|Define measure consequences for the threshold rules]]
- [[publish-test-specification-spm|Publish test definitions]]
- [[c360-land-page|Telecommunications Customer 360]]
- [[c360-overview|Explore Telecommunications Customer 360]]
- [[c360-configure|Configure Telecommunications Customer 360]]
- [[c360-activate|Activate Telecommunications Customer 360]]
- [[telecom-cust-360-landing|Setup Telecommunications Customer 360]]
- [[c360-configure-variables|Configure the Telecommunications Customer 360 variables]]
- [[c360-configure-data-card|Configure the data visualization group variables]]
- [[c360-configure-contact-card|Configure the contact card variables]]
- [[c360-configure-billing-card|Configure the billing card variables]]
- [[c360-configure-insights-card|Configure the insights card variables]]
- [[c360-configure-products-card|Configure the products card variables]]
- [[c360-configure-tasks-card|Configure the all tasks card variables]]
- [[c360-use-extension-point|Extension points in Telecommunications Customer 360]]
- [[c360-component|Telecommunications Customer 360 component]]
- [[c360-add-component|Add the Telecom Customer 360 component to a record page]]
- [[c360-add-data-resource|Add the Setup Customer360 Context data resource]]
- [[c360-use|Use Telecommunications Customer 360]]
- [[c360-home-page|Telecommunications Customer 360 home page]]
- [[c360-insights-card|Insights card]]
- [[c360-data-visual-card|Data visualization card]]
- [[c360-contact-card|Contact card]]
- [[c360-inter-history-card|Customer history card]]
- [[c360-products-card|Products card]]
- [[c360-billing-card|Billing card]]
- [[c360-tasks-card|All tasks card]]
- [[c360-view-inter-record|View interaction record]]
- [[c360-recommendations|Recommendations panel]]
- [[telecom-network-inventory|Telecommunications Network Inventory]]
- [[telecommunications-service-operations-management|Telecommunications Service Operations Management]]
- [[tmt-api-reference|TMF APIs for TMT]]
- [[field-service-management-telecommunications|Field Service Management for Telecommunications]]
- [[now-assist-tmt-customer-service-problem-management|Customer Service Problem Management agentic workflows]]
- [[now-assist-tmt-preliminary-troubleshooter-agentic-workflow|Preliminary troubleshooter agentic workflow]]
